I would like the first words I say to
not be cut off this time oh I've been
told that the last couple streams we've
done the first word's been cut off so oh
you're too fast I gave myself a longer
Millennial pause and it is going to be a
great w show worth waiting for for a
couple of
seconds we are going to be doing a video
soon on kind of tech gripes and so
that's where the title comes from I've
got 99 problems and I'll make a video on
some
so we're going to be giving you guys
some of the gripes that we found we'll
be taking suggestions from you guys
getting some verification from you guys
cuz Hey if there's an easy workaround
then we don't want to waste anybody's
time in our Tech rpes video we are
looking to have things actually solved
here in other news HP is downgrading
printer features when you don't buy
genuine ink it's not as bad as it sounds
but given that it sounds so bad that's a
really low bar what else we got this
week Luke yeah uh we have an update on
FTC Banning hidden fees from hotel and
ticket prices I believe last time we
talked about it it was a possibility and
now there's a date which is which is
good that's three topics though that are
like not going to keep people engaged
for a whole show can you pick one good
one uh oh terrible uh
terrible there's definitely going to be
inappropriate mods for Final Fantasy 7
[Music]
I'll keep him
here I'll be
alert it'll be
a the show is brought to today by Ridge
rocket money pulseway and the quiet move
we pulled where we doubled our sponsors
with LG as our laptop partner dbrand as
our rap partner and secret lab as our
chair partner that was quite the gamer
move dude no one called us on it yeah
literally no one it's good stuff the
business team over there man they're
just they're just cooking go business
team just wait till we double it again
you're going to you're you're going to
see yeah how can we do that there's got
to be a way all right so we are making a
video with complaints about tech not big
complaints like the ongoing March toward
zero ownership and liking it the
complete disregard for the ecological
impact of AI or the in ification of
absolutely everything we're talking
small things like how cookie settings
are specifically designed to be user
hostile and intimidating so you'll just
click invade my primac Primacy invade my
Primacy do it now invade my privacy or
how power saving mode on Windows 11
renders the battery icon useless you
ever noticed that no power saving mode
comes on you get the little icon you
can't tell how CU it puts the thing it
puts the thing in the front we've got
other good stuff to do with the
notification tray on on Windows like how
if you have a bunch of them queued up
and you're trying to click something
behind them while they one after another
come up and get in your way it's
actually impossible Window search has
got to be in here uh yeah no no we want
this is supposed to be like nitpicks
it's supposed to be little specific
details like major problems yeah it
can't be major problems so one of the
ones one of the ones that bothers me a
lot uh for this one we're going to and
so the goal here guys is for you to tell
us hey there's a super easy workaround
to that um all you had to do was this so
we can make sure we don't waste anyone's
time you guys are you guys are being our
our factchecking department here so
we're going to take a little trip to my
inbox going to lonus laptop here we go
boom my spam folder let's go oh I'm
getting some info from Scientology here
we go so this is something that drives
me AB absolutely knucking FS if I find
something in here like oh oh this Zoom
meeting or here let's find something
that's just absolutely like the worst
uh sure bright HR I don't even know what
bright HR is but I don't recommend it
because they spam me okay so I'm going
to click on this okay if I say not spam
Watch What Happens Watch What Happens
what happened Luke it went away it went
away I'm still in my spam folder I don't
do you know where it
went I'm assuming to your unread it went
to my inbox it did not Mark unread oh it
goes in a red state to your inbox so it
disappears so it disappears no longer on
your screen and it's now marked red
which I have been which I have been
which I have been meaning to deal with
uh which I've been meaning to talk about
for a long time cuz this is the kind of
little thing that drives me absolutely
nuts I haven't replied to this I haven't
actioned it in any way all that happened
was I saw something that I was like oh
shoot that's not spam and and the reason
this came up was an introduction that
narv the CEO of framework wanted to make
for me uh so heems me he's like hey
here's someone who's working on
something cool that might interest you
are you interested in an intro I go yes
and then he says okay sure thing I'll
make the intro and then nothing and then
the intro never happened a week later I
get a ping I think it was from narv I
don't remember but he's basically
like I thought this was hey I thought I
was making an intro you said you were
cool with it you don't reply to people
maybe he didn't maybe I just maybe I
projected all that onto myself when I
found a week old email in my inbox from
Buddy who's working on the cool thing
that just went to my spam and get this
get this it gets even worse because I
did realize that this would happen
because I've encountered this before and
it annoys me so I so I found it I marked
it not spam and remember how Gmail used
to have a function to Mark a sender safe
yeah well that's gone so I've had people
multiple times email me and end up in my
spam because because there's no obvious
way to Mark a sender safe so anyway so
anyway I I go I dig it out of my inbox I
make sure I remember the name of the
person who sent it right so I can go
search for it in my inbox because I use
my inbox like a to-do list so I have
like sometimes 100 unread items in my
inbox and anything that's red is gone
I'd be okay if it had to like basically
reload like if it moved it and then
reopened it for you sure I'd be fine
that would be fine be fine with that if
it if it had to be that so I went I
remembered the name I went I got it and
I replied to it I was like hey can you
have your people schedule a time with my
people and I cced my people get this
Budd he replies he's like here's some
good times for me Vance had it go to his
spam so he only saw it to set up a time
because he happened to check his spam
what is what is this person sending from
it sounds like their domain is I mean I
I can I can check now I can check now
it's probably a relatively new domain I
can tell you that no it's a Gmail
account air a in full point chat said
read the notification it does Mark the
cender save so maybe it's just like a
combo button now except if it didn't
i' I swear to you I SW I swear on my
mother's grave that I have had it h my
mother's not dead um that I've had it
happen where I have said this is not
spam and anyway we work in a Google we
work in a Google uh GSU domain I marked
it safe so why is it going to Vance's
spam then that just happened like just
just now just happened yeah I don't know
if like marked safe senders is is works
space wide I mean should it be a an
indicator uh maybe from uh I don't know
to be honest I don't think so yeah cuz I
mean okay I could see because while it
could be a good indicator for safe
senders assuming everyone is like Savvy
and does it properly not but it could
also it could also amplify bamboozlement
so that's potentially dangerous you're
right yeah and if you if you like yeah I
don't know if you if you convince
someone through social engineering on a
completely unrelated team but within the
same organization that you are a safe
sender and then you send garbage to
other people on the team knowing that
you're manually flagged is safe yeah
that's fair from this random person in
the company Asaf 400 says happened to me
this week marked not spam same sender
went to spam um also other emails from
the same sender still stuck in spam each
needing to be manually put in the inbox
so so that's that's mine that's my
contribution to the uh the tech tech
gripes video we've got a couple of other
ones um here's one there's still still
no good way to transfer files from
Android to iOS Android has Quick Share
iOS has airdrop but there is no like
Rock Solid way to share files between
devices furthermore it can be a
challenge to get files to a PC as well
that should be with Wi-Fi Direct that
should be such a solved problem and
there are there are ways to do it like
it's not like you can't pair your
Android phone to your uh to your Windows
PC it's it's a whole thing when you're
setting up Windows it prompts you to do
it and everything but that's not what
we're talking about we're talking about
Luke snaps a quick picture on his phone
and is like hey can I send this to you
and I'm like yo I just turned on my
sharing airdrop style and it just farts
over onto the laptop
that that that that needs to that needs
to be a thing Google Quick Share that
works I love it isn't that more uh
Android Android not
KDE connect I mean I can already tell
you just from the name of it that that
is not going to be what like my aunt is
GNA
use um saleesh says share it used to be
the app to do it until Apple removed it
from the app store oh man I love that
it's Android to Android to Windows yeah
it doesn't solve the problem un I love
that I'm going to put down I'm going to
put down a few of these for us to look
into I've got local send here someone's
like I just used Discord oh that is so
sad that should not be the way that is
that is largely what I do though that is
actually sad that is I agree actual ass
I fully agree that is ass and I don't
mean like but I don't mean like
attractive like thick ass I mean like
like with hair everywhere oh yeah like
everywhere like long like like on your
head long like just like Shaggy yeah
Shaggy
ass what else we got
Windows set Windows settings here's a
good one why is Windows settings limited
to a single
window have you noticed that the modern
settings menu you can only have one
window open yeah yeah that's annoying
yeah what the heck yeah it's not like
gamebreaking but it's annoying okay I
think I'm I'm think I'm starting to
embrace the theme and since we're in the
settings menu since since we're talking
about it why exactly is it that time and
language is deserving of space here
when
display sound power and
Battery these are all things that do not
Merit the top level of the
sidebar are you kidding
me how often how often do you change the
time on your
computer in the age of you've got it
knows the location and automatically
adjusts your time zone your time and
everything because obviously I do find
that to be kind of weird too the amount
of times that I have to uncheck and then
recheck automatically set time zone to
be like hello and then it it wakes up
and does it for me it's like okay
thanks Eternal griever says this is
actually something that's been grinding
my gears recently right uh okay what
else we got um app section is the most
random assortment of settings offline
maps video playback uh the windows 11
context menu right clicking now has show
more options you click it and 80% of the
options are the same because it just
goes to the old menu just show me all
the options I actually really really
hate that there's that's two clicks now
to get to a lot of the right right click
context menu stuff you can do that like
God mode
thing okay so I do think that's solvable
okay you can also remove it as well I
think we talked about that earlier in
the week yeah there are SOL computer and
they're not default so it's still
annoying MH but there are solutions
that's a big part of the tech gripes
video is we want to present Solutions
and if the solution is here's a quick
registry um you know dword that you can
reconfigure then that's great um or if
the solution is uh Hey if you could just
add like three lines of code um hello
anyone this is not going to make it into
the video because no one cares because
no one uses Xperia phones but I I saw a
post recently asking why none of the big
tech tech YouTubers review xeria phones
and the answer is because no one cares
they're super expensive and limited
availability outside of Japan in certain
regions um but for me I can tell you the
reason that I don't daily one is because
even now after all these years all these
years Sony still hasn't added like the
the like three lines of code that it
would take to swap the back button and
the task switcher button or whatever the
whatever the square one is called I
prefer the back button on the right I
have homunculus hand
I am right-handed I cannot reach back
all the way across on the left I use
back a lot you might say everyone's
going to I like back I'm a back
Enthusiast okay I like it I like to be
able to reach it I like to be able to
get my thumb wait okay the point is just
that I need that button a lot and if
it's over on the other side it's really
hard for me to re to
reach I could reach around
sorry let's just continue um works if
any if anyone from Sony is watching and
didn't get
totally bothered by all of that um I
will
immediately I want the headphone jack I
want the taller form factor I want the
gorgeous display I want the camera I
want everything that is really good
about the Experia just just allow me to
swap it just let me move the buttons you
don't even have to do it by default just
let me move the butt if you get the Hong
Kong one we can r it and just switch it
over panthus pomus says they're never
going to do it yeah I I know I know I
know but they're they're never going to
do it
um oh man yeah I think Center start menu
that's more of just like a design thing
sorry I'm just going through some of the
stuff in my dock uh we've got oh man
this is amazing anyone here on Mac OS
shout out if you're on Mac OS in the
chat okay hit me
up Apple finally added window management
with
snapping finally they didn't have
snapping no you could get it with a
third party app for like $3 or something
but I it'll be a cold day in Hell before
I pay $3 for basic window management
functionality that's been in Linux since
I worked at NC like
no so they added they added windows
spping but it has a
border for no apparent reason Jake
showed me this and my mind was blown it
has a border around it where you can see
the your desktop wallpaper wait what for
no reason oh no that would bother me so
much for like no reason I am Oh I
thought you meant it was like framed
like a photo and I was like that's weird
but it doesn't bother me that much being
able to see the desktop background would
constantly make me think that it's not
actually there you can turn it off okay
you can turn it off but the fact the
fact that that is the default Behavior
that they show the user is absolutely
mindblowing to me that's so annoying um
this next one oh oh this is great on the
uh uh on um on Max that have the um the
the the gaping wound in their display
the island sorry um oh dude sounds so
much more metal called the gaping wound
D I was oh sorry wrong phone where's my
oh right I put it away because it was
buzzing the mic on my iPhone I was uh I
was looking at some meme like one of
those like uh like four pictures from
Lord of the Rings with captions style
memes yeah and I literally couldn't read
the top one because of the stupid island
thing and then I was watching I was
watching a movie I was watching a movie
on my phone and my my choices were
basically because Plex is not perfect
not a perfect application I either had
like giant black bars around everything
or
I had a hole in the movie and I was like
I can't I actually cannot watch a movie
with a hole in it that's impossible like
I'm not going to be one of these
pretentious Hollywood directors that's
like my movie is mastered for the
theater well if it's not watched in the
theater then I'm afraid it simply cannot
be enjoyed by your primitive eyes like
I'm I'm not like that about it but you
put a hole in the screen are you kidding
me like that I I have lines I have
standards
um anyway so on on Macs that have the
island you can uh you can like full
screen like like mac full screen like
like distraction free mode or whatever
but your taskbar goes away at the top
only for it to be filled with black
pixels because of the because they have
to have a border for the entire top
because of the stupid hole in the screen
because there might be content there uh
really funny I don't I don't know if
that's one that'll make it to our gripes
cuz nothing can
really be done about that than make
better Hardware in the first place um
this is a good one this was almost an
entire video and maybe it still could be
at some point just like diagnosing um
computer sleep issues like sleep wake
screen turning off issues so I was
having a problem when we set up the land
Center in the basement I had five
identical machines with five identical
monitors with five identical sets of
peripherals and I couldn't f figure out
why half of them were going to sleep
properly and half of them weren't that's
annoying you know what it
was yes technically but no yes thank you
thank you for not ruining my setup for
once I app Luke I appreciate you thanks
man um so I almost made a whole video on
this so that we could just as a
springboard to talk about how to
diagnose these issues but what What It
ultimately was was I got into the
administrator level command prompt and
power config it was
steam but it was specifically because I
had steam open on all of
them and what I found out was that steam
will not let your computer go to sleep
if you are open to the store tab even if
steam is minimized so you had so the
ones that were sleeping were on Library
cuz I I read that and I was thinking
like I always have Steam on like all my
computers on your library probably but
it's probably on Library it's probably
on Library so the reason it's a good
reason the reason is that it's something
to do with video playback on the store
Page and how if you're playing back
video your computer doesn't go to sleep
so if there's any video playback or a
video player that is open the system
won't sleep it blew my flipping mind
blew my mind or sorry not sleep display
display un waking maybe it'll still
sleep sorry sorry but specifically what
I was working on was my displays
wouldn't blank so I was thinking like
it's to I've never been because my
computer always goes to sleep yeah this
current iteration of my computer is has
no sleep problems it's very nice that's
nice I'm used to having some weird sleep
issue yeah so uh so if there's anyone
here that is
like oh my God sometimes my display
doesn't turn off yeah that's cool I bet
you it's that cuz if you think about it
the steam store Page is just a browser
yep and any ad for any game or whatever
is just a video if you have a video open
in your browser even if it's in the
background your screen's not going to
turn off I wonder how much bandwidth uh
just leaving the steam store Page up on
your screen for like a week takes I have
no
idea because it's a pretty solid amount
of video actually it's probably very
like low res but still but yeah I was I
was thinking of making that an entire
video just as an excuse to talk about
like sleep and and Screen timers and all
that kind of stuff but then we just kind
of never got around to it and we didn't
have a great title for it and anywh who
uh Smart TVs LG lets you go offline and
not get ads but if you want to use an
app it asks you to update you can use
the app but have to navigate around the
prompt you must log in to update and
then our second one is the entirety of
ties and Os I think that's too broad I
think that's too broad Adam I don't
think we're going to do that one they're
to be they're supposed to be nitpicks I
feel like I feel like Adam has a TV with
ties and Os um monitors personally
bothered why do certain presets lock me
out of certain features without any
Rhyme or Reason actually Adam I can
probably I can explain some of that at
least um there are certainly ones where
it's like no I I don't get that at all
but like filmmaker mode for instance
will lock you out of a lot of the TV
settings because it wouldn't be
filmmaker mode if you were allowed to
change a bunch of stuff however
most TVs in filmmaker mode will allow
you to set the white point up some of
them will lock you in warm because that
is like a film maker I do not like the
warm preset I prefer 6,500 Kelvin and
don't don't touch my white Point um but
anyway the point is that that some of
them do make sense some of them
absolutely don't if there was one that
we were going to if there was one that
we were going to rant about when it
comes to monitor settings then I would
say it's the one where you're not
allowed to change any settings if you
don't have an active
input yeah why not old monitors used to
used to let you have them on and play
around with all their settings and
everything yeah whereas now you you you
you can't tell sometimes if your
computer is broken and not outputting or
if your monitor's not on and not
receiving a signal it drives me
absolutely crazy I didn't know that was
an issue but I have used that to try to
diagnose if my computer is
properly sending out display drives me
flipping Anno crazy uh belrick says well
the settings are tied to Signal type
there are plenty that
aren't yeah and I just want it to be on
so I know it's on so that I so that I
know what input it's on and that it's
looking for Signal give me something
give me something
um okay uh we've got a lot of teams ones
I feel like I I'm hesitating I could add
so many more but I feel like it would
just take up it' be a whole video so
like uh one of these is notifications
steal input Focus for some reason teams
notifications have gotten me killed in
deadlock don't ask me why I'm on teams
and playing
deadlock uh teams notification is
separate from Windows integrated popups
that's actually super annoying
especially because they're in the same
place Y come on Microsoft you literally
make this software um why can't I
schedule a message to a group chat that
I haven't messaged before so if you have
like a shoot in the morning or something
like that and you put together everyone
that's on that shoot and you just want
to like schedule you you just can't
because I don't know whatever it wants
me to keep going I I can I can send a
bunch of stuff later I I mean i' I've
ranted about this on the W show before
and I think people are a little tired of
it so I don't want to go through way too
many of it but like my the the main two
that frustrate me is that I can't
schedule a message to a group chat that
I haven't sent a message to before Adam
added and this is super annoying why
can't I schedule a reply to a thread
just
like and I I understand some of the
theory of not being able to schedule
reply to a thread because I think
they're worried that like other things
will be sent before that one I could see
that my team's General like etiquette
for this is just put scheduled in
Brackets y this is super normal everyone
does this we're not big brain solvable
this is extremely solvable stop like not
allowing us to do okay I'm going to
relax um the other primary annoing thing
that I have is the amount of times that
I'm in teams calls and people go is my
mic working cuz they can't see it light
up yeah just whoa the spider oh he was
there is he in my
headphones he might be he's he's a
crafty little guy s for people that
weren't part of the pre-show there was a
spider that climbed up onto the desk and
went
directly there was a spider that crawled
up under the desk and went directly into
one of my USB ports and hid under the
little USB finger and then he he took
off like I think it was like a minute
into the show and maybe went into linus'
headphones I would strongly prefer to
not put these headphones on if there
could be a spider inside them yeah
definitely small enough to crawl into
your ear
yeah okay no now now I'm really I'm
really creeped out right now if there's
a spider in my headphones for I uh I
would be I would be super super unhappy
words could not describe the level of
unhappy that I would be if a spider like
crawled across my face another I I'll
add another one too dude I know it's not
poisonous I don't care I do not like it
it's not the poison part it's the
digging into your ear part anyways um
it's not even that I just I don't need a
reason to not like spiders that's fair
from an evolutionary standpoint a fear
of spiders and snakes and like dead
things and all the stuff that I kind of
phobia is what kept my ancestors alive
and damn it I'm going to uphold their
legacy here and continue to be afraid of
those things however irrational it might
be they're all watching down on you not
wanting to put your headphones on and
cheersing the glass being like yeah no
I'm I'm okay I have thoroughly searched
them Dan was going to bring me new
headphones but it's okay Dan I'm
ready um ready the the last thing I'll
say about teams is if I'm in slack and I
attach something to a chat message or
even just attach something in general I
can just press send right away before it
finishes attaching and the message will
just send when it's done attaching you
try to do that in teams and I don't
remember it like opens it or something
it it does whatever it does it's
annoying and it doesn't send it that's
all so I have to sit there and just wait
for it to attach and if it's like a
video it might take a little bit dude
I've never I've never really used
iMessage because no one that I know uses
iMessage so why would I Y um but man the
reply function is awful oh like you like
you when you when you hold on something
to like reply to a specific message you
know um or you don't use WhatsApp but
you know how it works in any sensible
program where it just gives you like a
preview of the original message and then
just has it indented and like has the
reply to it it creates this like new
popup window oh and then like getting
out of it is like like like you have to
like click somewhere else entirely on
the screen and it kind of has like these
like reply threads within the thing it's
ridiculous I was like how how did a
trillion dollar company Design This I
couldn't I couldn't believe it that
seems not awesome um yeah I I never used
it during my during my time with the
iPhone but it was something that I
encountered like just the other day cuz
I was chatting with um John from htech
um about some hexos thing and I had I
had to reply to something specific
because we kind of had two threads going
we were like talking about Christmas
plans and also talking about like future
hexos plans and you know you know how
those things could get a little bit
confusing right cuz he could be like you
know oh I had a close relative die so
this will be our first Christmas without
them also we got this great feature
planed and I could be like wow that's so
cool which one was I replying to who
knows yeah reply reply threads are good
yeah reply threads are good anyway the
point is yeah it's aw yeah we've got a
couple people backing me up in chat here
so apparently this isn't just me being
crazy um I think we could actually Adam
who's obviously watching the show right
now I think we could even steal some of
the stuff from the uh the iOS Time
video uh oh dude YouTube music don't get
me started on YouTube music okay Adam
here's one you probably don't know um if
you if you have your main Google account
on your phone for some reason as a
different account from the one that has
a premium subscription and has YouTube
music you will not be able anymore it
used to work but you can this is what
ultimately made me switch from my like G
Suite account as my main account on this
device to my like personal random Gmail
that I don't even really use other than
to have YouTube premium on um
you in with Android auto you can't use
voice control to play a specific song on
YouTube music unless your Google account
like your main one that you're like
mainly signed into the phone with is the
one that has premium so just like having
another one you can't select which
account you have and and oh oh it's so
annoying I really wish like I I think
this would be a pretty cool feature is
if you could like claim your like
network of Google accounts basically
so if like I could have a personal
Google account and then Branch under it
like okay this is my personal account
this is my work account these are my
whatever blah blah blah blah blah um and
then I if I buy premium I want it to
give it to all of them I don't want to
see YouTube ads I don't want to open a
YouTube uh YouTube video that I need to
watch for work in my work browser thing
and then get an ad and go GH and copy
the URL and bring it over to my personal
browser watch okay watch it there and
it's the same with YouTube music that
was actually what Adam was talking about
how if he's YouTube music and YouTube
must be logged into the same account on
the browser you can't be like yeah I
have music here and I have this there oh
so annoying so he has to open YouTube
music in Edge so he can be logged into
two separate accounts um you can also
use I think um Brave has really good
support for multi-g gooogle accounts
across uh different things or you can
use incognito mode there's other options
technically most of them do like even
even Firefox does Firefox is is just
clunky compared to chrom's Chrome has
extremely good and easy to use multiac
account stuff um like profiles and
Firefox has them as well it's just not
as
clean um people are saying it's great
maybe I just wasn't good at it I don't
know dude I just other people are saying
it's clunky I don't know it is what it
is I wouldn't care about anything to do
with YouTube music I would
accept everything that's kind of crappy
about YouTube music in a heartbeat if
they brought back quick painless casting
to my Sonos stuff but ever since Google
and Sonos got at it that's gone it was
perfect in Google Play music it was
literally perfect on the on the player
page there was a cast button like how a
cast button works and then it would just
bring up the popup for what you want to
cast to and you would go this one this
one this one and this one and press go
and it would just oh my gosh this is
incredible
and then it would just go I need to stop
I need to stop using this phone but it's
it's so tedious switching phones mine's
below the
table well it was happening when it was
above the table too I'm just going to
put it under my thick juicy thighs nice
that should block
it thanks Taylor it immediately
stopped it's a lot of water what can I
say like no joke the second he put his
leg leg back out it was
over
anyway
um dude I've been hitting the stair
Master lately and the rowing machine
dude the these thighs are getting firm
they're they're getting to be firm
thighs yeah I I actually like go to the
gym now he's never going to get me to
lift anything cuz it's just like you
lifted things it's not what did I lift
your body that counts what the stair
Master oh I mean yeah sure uh oh dude
stair Master's a real I've never been on
a StairMaster before St Master's that's
a real workout man
dude like I've been meaning to send you
like pictures of what the machine looks
like when I'm done one time like dude
I'm in there I'll do like half an hour
of cardio um and I I can't do one thing
like at the at the like go hard like
level that I want to do it for the full
30 minutes that I like to do but you
know my thing where I like to do 30
minutes cardio like every dayish I I try
to do every day but it doesn't happen
every day U so the thing that I've been
so the thing I did the other day was I
hit the uh the rowing machine for 10
minutes then the is this that the smash
gym yeah then the bike for five do they
have the cleaning stuff yet yeah okay
then the StairMaster for 10 and then
finished off with another five on the
bike so the in 30 minutes the the 40 o
bottle I had drained two of them to give
you some idea
yeah
insane yeah that's nuts I I'll I'll go
to the gym and I I tend to go for like a
while like I for for whatever reason I'm
not really into like the when I'm doing
weights I'm not really into like the 30
minute workout I like going for like
quite a quite a bit of time um and there
will be like there will be some chick on
the stair Master when I walk in she's
like not moving that fast but she's on
the stair master and I'm noticing like
I'm close to wrapping up my workout like
an hour and a half later and I'm walking
I'm like she's still on there like what
the hell oh my God like I would fall
over there's no there's no possible way
it would not happen I could do it at a
low pace for a long time but um I I
don't know what the settings point is
probably like two hours I don't know
what the settings are equivalent to but
um I'm trying to think like what's the
what's the what's the pace that it's at
I'll have to check sometime but it's
it's at 16 whatever that is
I that's going to be machine dependent
probably yeah so I I forget how many
stairs per minute it is but it's oh dude
it's a lot it's painful it it hurts a
lot okay what else we got here some
someone said I would like to hear more
about Luke's Fitness habits as a fellow
lifter I'm trying to get a flow plane
exclusive oh yeah that would be cool
where we get a bunch of not me but a
bunch of different of the people
including myself uh but a bunch of
different people at the company that
that like to gym often uh to do like a a
round table discussion thing we film for
flow plane cool I think that'd be pretty
sweet cool none of it's none of us are
like I'll participate trainers or
anything that'd be cool I don't I oh
wait well does it count if it also
includes like badminton stuff I think so
I don't know like can I just to me I
think it's just like a fitness
discussion I think dude I had a I think
it' be neat I like did not realize how
hard I destroyed myself yesterday
because I wasn't in the gym gym I was I
was playing badminton but what I did was
uh we played a format called box game
and
um I don't worry I was playing with my
wife my goodness anyway uh box game um
makes the in front of the service line
is out and behind the double service
line is out so it's like a shortened
court and typically you play on a half
court so it's a little bit wider than
half of a singles court because you use
the doubles line and you play directly
across from each other directly across
from each other or diagonally or
diagonally but I'm playing a format with
Ivon help even things out cuz I'm a bit
of a stronger player than her um where
she takes half a court right half half a
box and I take a box that is the entire
width of the singles cord on the other
side so I put
on a 20b weight vest yesterday and I
played that against
her with dude I could barely emerge from
my bed this morning I destroyed myself I
am in so much I'm in so much pain today
like it's it's actually awful there's
yeah there's a certain level where it's
like okay that might have been good but
it might not also be worth it well it's
hard cuz when I'm having fun I don't I
don't realize I don't notice yeah I'll
sometimes get in a Zone where like I I
don't register the level of strain
properly and then like the next morning
or that night I'll be like I'm really
tired and then I'll be like oh yeah
raidon man says pain is weakness leaving
the BS
no sometimes it's just sometimes it's
just overdoing it
um we've got one here that is why can't
I just plug a usba to a usba and
transfer files between computers there's
a lot of security reasons for that I
don't think we'll include that one
um I mean there are some good points
here you can plug in a phone which is
just a portable computer and copy files
from that but but also I don't know I'm
I'm sure there's I'm sure there's
reasons for that I'm sure there's
reasons for that uh Google Gemini just
in general okay that's too broad Adam I
don't know if we'll do that either but
Google Gemini replacing Google Assistant
can't do 80% of assistant functions but
can hallucinate Google
Sheets yeah and I can't I I okay I
admittedly I haven't dug too deep into
this but it switched to a default male
voice and I don't know I just don't like
my phone talking to me in a male voice
mine I had um I did this whole Gambit
like years and years ago where I set up
a .co.uk
email address to get like a specific
voice for oh just to get like a British
like a sexy briti thought it would be
like cool that wasn't really even the
goal I just thought it would be like
neat um and then yeah it changed it I
was like that's annoying I don't even it
doesn't really matter that much it's
just weird I don't know all right let's
uh maybe jump into our second
topic no we have to a second topic I'll
do a quick one okay
Dan My
Hero Let's Go My Hero yes my guy Terry
will be featured on Canada's $5 bill
okay this is not really Tech related but
we have talked we have talked about the
actual rightful king of Canada Terry Fox
before on this show he is a he's a
Canadian hero uh and the only reason
he's only a Canadian hero is because
most of the world doesn't know about him
if you don't know who Terry Fox is go
read about him he's actually the most
coolest wholesome awesomest most
inspiring guy like ever um and he is
finally finally going to be in his
rightful place on our money damn it uh
so he's going to the $5 note um the
process of replacing Wilfred laer began
almost five years ago apparently and the
Bank of Canada got more than 600
submissions to their open nominations
for the honor
they made the right choice yeah after
losing part of his right leg to cancer
uh Terry embarked on his marathon of
Hope an attempt to run across Canada on
his prosthetic leg raising money for
cancer research his run was tragically
cut short in 1981 but he was still able
to raise
$24.7 million that was a dollar for
every person living in Canada at the
time yeah since his death annual Terry
Fox runs have been held all over the
world and have raised another $800
million for cancer research that's
Canadian dollars unfortunately but still
it's a lot of money not a ton of amazing
news coming out of Canada over the last
little while yeah this is cool this is
cool we're finally doing it properly um
and putting Terry on the money so that's
good yeah it's finally time uh okay fine
we'll explain merch messages Dan merch
messages are the way to interact with
the show you can have your merch message
pop up there you can have it go
to what the you can have it go to
producer
Dan who will reply to it uh he might
forward it to someone internal to better
address your question or he might curate
it and it will go to me and Luke to
reply to you live on the show Dan do you
want to show the fine people out there
how it wakes sure hey D question for
Linus primarily you've mentioned before
that you like to see employee candidates
personal projects what are some of the
coolest projects you've
seen oh dude I haven't been a job
interviewer in like years and years
Luke's probably seen some cool stuff
though Sean's home lab was
sick that was cool yeah Our IT guy yeah
um uh if I remember correctly Nick
Harris had some cool stuff I remember
someone showed me a cool Plex server at
some point but they like cobbled
together it was like very janky and I
was like I've had a surprising amount of
like software Dev applicants that you
know would just have nothing to do with
anything to do with Hardware here show
me their like computers or home servers
or whatever just like you know I I I
often get into those types of questions
like what kind of stuff are you into and
then you know it'll it'll naturally lead
to showing into those things um had some
really cool software projects the um the
first this was this was way too tough of
a project we've significantly toned it
down since then but the first developer
hiring wave that we did for float plane
do you remember this the game make us a
game that was way too big of a ask it
was also way too open-ended we we were
did not know quite what we were asking
of people at the time but um the
developer that did get hired and is
still with us um uh from from that wave
um we we basically asked make us a game
and then we listed like some things that
would be cool for it to have um I don't
remember the exact details and they made
what was essentially like PVP asteroids
and it had a chat I remember that set up
some notification thing so he would be
able to know when I connected to it so
when I jumped into it it's supposed to
be PVP asteroids he also jumped on and
then we like fought against each other
and were able to talk in the chat and I
was like
whoa okay that's pretty cool we have
some people who work here who are like
probably too good
yeah what can I say I say Luke's a great
boss yeah thanks for sticking with me oh
man um but yeah I don't know yeah
someone's like I want to play that now
it was genuinely entertaining oh yeah I
you showed it to me I tried it it was
really fun was pretty sick it was like
super
fun um hey Rod piping up in the chat he
says some freaking amazing people heck
yeah rod rod knows a lot more of the
team than most average float plane
viewers would because he's come up and
hang out hung out with us a few times
Rod you're coming up for softball night
this spring right I know it's a little
early it's December still but you're
going to come join us for at least one
softball night right I want to commit I
want a commitment today I'll make it out
let's see it yeah you better he says for
sure all right heck yeah Rod still
probably can't bat or throw properly but
I'll make it out for those of you who
don't know Rod is uh was uh on the BS
Mods episode of scrapyard Warriors He's
an incredible PC modder and has been a
long time uh just sort of awesome
supporter of the show I didn't remember
this I don't know if it made it into the
cut because I haven't finished watching
the video yet uh but we did is that me
no it's you uh we we did Nick um from
Creator Warehouse we did Nick lights AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade recently and he
reminded me of the time that we had to
get seven Gamers one CPU to
CES for a sponsor and the only way for
us to get it there safely was to drive
it down to Bob and Rod BS mods in
Seattle and Nick took it down there and
then they took it down to CES for us
because they were driving to Las Vegas
cuz they had all of their system mods
for all their sponsor so I had totally
forgotten about that that was that was
the early days when everything was like
just like get her done by any means
necessary it was it was in the trailer
wasn't it or something something I don't
remember cuz I remember I was telling
someone this story recently but I
couldn't remember why I went down there
but I took a train down there to pick up
the the old SUV which is probably what
Nick dropped it off in oh that was a
piece of crap oh yeah it was a little
rough I still remember when I realized
on the highway that it didn't have AB
ABS I still remember my parents telling
me what great condition it was in when
we bought it from
them
anyway never buy a car from a family
member all the other company vehicles
have lasted a long time well yeah
because like I picked them any who um oh
it's not Nick light as opposed to like
Nick full fat or whatever it's Nick Li
ght it's his last name yeah yeah it's
definitely not the opposite of wait
sorry
um oh what are we supposed to be doing
oh yes good Nick dark no not that either
just Nick light oh dude man I made I
made the funniest jokes about about Nick
light I was like I don't need a I don't
need a filming light cuz I've got two
lights when he was like holding his baby
you should have seen High
School oh yeah okay yeah a lot of light
jokes yeah can I get a light you know
okay it doesn't matter if I remember
correctly there was NOP no I'm not going
to use names but there was someone
else's name that went well with it
that's all I'll say all
right oh no
way yeah it's finally here I yeah
introducing the chocolate no wait sorry
introducing the backpack rain cover you
should all know it's always best to
protect your
load especially when things get really
wet
outside
seriously that's the marketing
Spiel that's why we designed this rain
cover for your LT
backpack this is one of the times that
size really does matter okay so it's on
purpose so it's on purpose since most
rain covers are not big enough to
accommodate the sheer girth of the LT
backpack is this you now is this in the
writing or you just doing it's not in
there okay it's an extra layer of
protection to keep your stuff dry while
also adding visibility to your bag in
the dark with a snazzy mountain
landscape inspired reflective design
genuinely looks really sharp it also
packs neatly into a zippable carrying
case that you can attach to your bag's
Carabiner or accessory loops and is now
available at lmg g/ raincover
so durable that was a surprisingly long
project to get the costing and the
quality and the reflectiveness right and
the printing quality and the just oh my
god um anyway are you looking for a last
minute gift it's never been a better
time to purchase an LTT Store gift card
for that special
LTT enjoyer in your life why because
nothing says I didn't leave this to the
last minute better than an excuse that
you had to wait for the brand new LTT
commuter backpack to launch the day
after Christmas since that's why you got
them a gift card and not an actual gift
yeah so cover your ass at lmg
doggn not a last minute gift Yeah
question that you might not know the
answer too I see there's a pull thingy
on this I don't know if they can see it
very well yes uh would this fit on the
commuter
uh I doubt it but we can find out it's
probably a little big for the commuter
probably a little big it was designed
before the commuter was was like a
sparkle in the eye of our designers like
it we actually started on the rainfly or
the rain cover um I think almost
immediately after the launch of the
backpack so like it's been a
while already said it would to The Forum
oh hey no no I got my computer bag on me
we can check it right now we can have a
look
um are are you going to fix that link
that link broky oh apparently the linken
link the Link's broken okay so um yeah
the link is not broken okay so now I
just got to find out if there's two
layers on the rain cover someone get me
a
knife the Link's working fine dude I
wouldn't I wouldn't recommend this too
loose yeah this is this is not is this
is like clown level maybe in a in a
pinch situation but don't buy it for
that don't buy it for that at all not
even in a pinch no pinch um it's not for
that now oh no I mean like if you have
both bags and you just need something
and you already have the cover anyways
like you could use it but you shouldn't
buy it for that reason just take your
other backpack yeah oh yeah I just I
just wouldn't no no I don't like it um
so we'll we'll work on a rain cover for
the commuter bag eventually now that we
have a good supplier for them and now
that we've got like got most of the hard
stuff out of the way we've got good
printing quality and everything it
shouldn't be too much work for us to to
get on something um okay also flow plane
announcing Ivon week we're supposed to
watch a video his wife my
wife oh
wow what they got her to do this look at
the look on her face you can tell
exactly how thrilled she is about being
dressed up as Burger King
um that is the closest resemblance I
think uh wow okay well um sorry Burger
Queen excuse me sorry sorry my bad
um oh I do want to mute that first sorry
my bad one sec
[Music]
uh where where did I put it wait she's
in the thumbnails of all
the oh that's really funny I didn't put
that together they replaced me in all
the thumbnails here I was like she
hosted the fer electric Ram video no she
really didn't um this is this one's the
best okay here we go We Ready hey
everyone it's Ivon week and to start
we're going to clean up some of the lmg
stuff on here let's get rid of some of
this controversial stuff perfect okay
now we're going to add the best H
awesome okay now to celebrate here are
some of the ion for clan exclusives this
week holam says do you want your husband
to grow out his beard again yes so we're
actually up to five cats now this is
Panda over here and this is Missy I feel
inadequate how do you deal with people
with short attention spans feel
personally attacked right now okay 5
minutes per ornament if we need let's
say what like 20 ornaments that's 100
minutes what did I say it was going to
take us an hour hour best relationship
tip that you always follow and why at
first my answer was communication but
then I realized as I was thinking that
through that it's commitment you might
not want to compromise or AFF change
you're just talking to somebody about
how you feel
that is his unhappy I want to get out
noise that'll be fun all right so it's
yvon week we I like the people weeks
three special float plane exclusives a
Q&A decorating a tech tree and meet the
cats Ivonne may also appear on a video
or two outside of float plane next week
so keep an eye out as we celebrate one
of the ogst of the OG's two fantastic
comments under the video Steve j3d says
finally the real owner of lmg getting
some screen time uh another one is bazin
said an entire week of Avent yes please
event I I thought those were pretty you
know what I actually I like it I like it
a lot that's uh that's very good that's
cute uh okay more float plane exclusive
merch oh we have merch yeah for LTT
float plane subscribers our second float
plane X LTT store collab drops today
second image after the backpack rain
cover on LTT store okay I'm going to
have you
I haven't seen this included in this
drop are two shirts the content Cosmos
tea which was designed by Sarah live on
float plane fueled with ideas from chat
legally distinct Firefox pyro kitsun I
don't know what that means but that's on
there and the float plane exclusive te a
simple float plane logo on a light blue
t-shirt which you all have requested uh
whoa there you go oh that's super
cute does it really have a flying fox
oh legally distinct Firefox
pyro I get it awesome it looks like
those old Comics an adventure through
the content Cosmos this is sick that is
actually very cool good price too nice
yeah um nice these fly out onto the
store on January 1st 2025 oh wait they
fly off the store uh so if you're
interested buy yours before then at lmg
gfp exclusive very cool all right there
that's all the announcements we are done
with announcements Dan sure you want to
show us how merch messages work we
already did one but let's do another one
how about that sure hi LDL I'm going to
be setting up my very first Nas yes I'm
considering hexos I just want to set up
a system to manage my Linux isos has
there been any update to the issues
we've had with Plex um I have found that
downloading is a little better uh in
general I I have found it to be a little
improved they have not addressed all of
the issues that I kind of laid out as my
requirements for us to work with them in
an official capacity again I still am a
Plex user but I I won't do sponsored
stuff with them until they actually
fulfill all the like stuff that bothers
me about the software that was part of
what I supposedly have as a lifetime
Plex pass owner um
yeah cool it is what it is it is what it
is for
now uh CH asks do you transcode down on
download that's the part that really
sucks yes that's exactly the point I
don't want to copy full-size files onto
my phone for like the plane or whatever
I want to put like like
320 kilobit or whatever per second like
just the crappiest possible thing as
long as the audio is listenable because
I'm just like I'm on a plane I don't
care I don't want it to take up a ton of
space on my phone I'd rather have a
bigger library to pick from especially
if it's for kids or whatever so they can
sort of browse and stuff they're not
going to
care yeah well they'll care about the
library they quity especially video
quality everyone cares about audio
quality up to a certain
point oh it says two more topics Dan
doesn't talk to to us anymore he just
puts paper on the monitor I don't blame
him honestly we're awful I mean do you
want me to yell at you more I can yell
at you more you can yall let me know you
want I'm into it I thought you were
still doing the the uh merch message no
I'm done that's all I have to say about
that do we talk about gaming industry
stuff coffeezilla do it coffeezilla
known for his investigative videos on
scam topics including crypto related
scams released a video going after the
csgo gambling scene I think we all knew
it was in just an amount of time until
that would happen uh in the in the video
coffeezilla says that he was paid an
embarrassingly low amount of money by
csgo Empire a csgo gambling site to
investigate their competitor csgo role
oh so you just put csgo in then anything
after it uh for scamming users in the
csgo gambling scene coffee then decided
to flip the script denying the offer but
still making a multi-part series I'd
like to interject for a second here um
what were they thinking yeah really dumb
drawing attention to their whole grift
and their whole deal by involving
coffeezilla in it like there's so many
things so many things going on in the
crypto World they they could have just
let him focus on radar like forever and
they could have just done their skins
and their gambling and their holographic
whatever Damascus not paid we didn't
wait yeah offer he was offered to be
paid sorry sorry sorry yes he didn't
take the offer did I not say the denying
their offer part it doesn't matter the
next line it doesn't matter the point is
I will clarify they made an offer to pay
him to investigate their competitor he
didn't take it potentially the next line
was coffee then decided to flip the
script denying the offer um so it was
yeah it was just it shouldn't have said
paid in the first part uh but still
making a multi-part series about the
csgo gambling epidemic uh that
uh that for a ton of you watching
thanks for a ton of you watching the
Elijah did this one it's okay he
tries anyways we really like him he's
kind he's a kind person there's an
Elijah note here as well that says
YouTubers have been getting in trouble
since at least 2014 uh I mean this is
probably since YouTube existed uh people
just don't care anymore it has become so
accepted in our society it's crazy this
is a literal multi-billion dollar
industry that so few people even know
about but like coffeezilla highlights in
the video it's really dangerous to try
and go after these companies as they
will literally hire Hitmen and riers
okay wow that sounds like a interesting
video to watch yeah this is uh this is
sort of to go along with um to go along
with Elijah's commentary here this is
such a great
question why why was this a slap on the
wrist legally speaking and why has
everyone just kind of like forgotten
about it forgotten that these that these
two people were pretending to gamble on
a site that it turned out that they
owned they claimed to have a sponsorship
but actually they owned it no Financial
settlements no fines no jail time as
they promoted this this gambling site
that they owned and were pretending to
win big on to
miners what yeah wacky
um the same week award-winning indie
game batro which is a Rog likee poker
game but with no actual gambling uh well
just it's fine just read the thing it it
got an 18 plus rating for includ
including gambling elements it's got
Roulette in it yet games that wait what
I know but the the Pokemon game has a
casino in it yeah Pokemon Blue has a
casino in it yeah calm down yet games
that have actual AA mechanics with
actual money tied to them continue to be
rated 3 plus for example uh EA Sports FC
is is a three plus rated game that you
can like buy I'm assuming you can buy
some form of like uh card opening thing
for their uh what is it called loot
boxes yeah no I know not loot boxes but
I think you get like player cards and
you use them in their like pro league
thing or something I don't know who
cares I don't play it so yeah whatever I
they don't I don't need to contribute to
their billions and billions of dollars
yeah you buy FIFA points to open card
packs just have none of these people
heard of a rogue like team there we go
yeah um discussion question how do you
think the games industry is able to
skirt around traditional gambling laws I
don't know I genuinely have no idea
we've been talking about this the whole
time I don't understand it it doesn't
make any sense to me I mean that whole
thing with Syndicate I remember talking
about it on W show at the time 100% cuz
like this was this was one that like
kind of I don't know it felt closer to
me than huge at the time because because
I know the guy like I've met him a
couple times I think and I'm just like
I've I've actually run into him since
then and I just like had no idea what to
say because I'm just like how are you
still
here well right
yeah dude and I hate to like you know
pull an Ellis for narcissist and make
this about
myself but are you kidding me the kind
of flack that I
took maybe you should have gone
harder maybe that's maybe that's your
lesson maybe I should have rug pulled a
crypto coin yeah and people and instead
people have been like that guy yeah
maybe that should just be my stick maybe
I should do it every six months and then
nobody would B an ey lus coin dude
should have done
it should have done it next question is
do you think the rating on latro is fair
it technically has gamble elements even
though there is zero monetary G it's a
Rog light no it's not
fair dude like oh man like I sort of
maybe understand I do but you got to
have consistency in the enfor that's the
big problem if it was just balatro that
got hit by this which it is that's a
problem if it was like everything that
has gambling elements gets hit then it's
like okay well that's that's a different
thing uh because I could totally see
someone getting into batro is Blackjack
based right poker no poker based it's
made up sort of yeah but it's based on
poker basically yeah um so I could see
someone getting interested in real poker
based on and then probably getting
really bored brings up an excellent
point in the chat tyan from Creator
Warehouse who if he's still at work
before you leave do you mind bringing us
an update for mayor MC cheese here on
the uh bit holder just if you could
bring over the the the the finished one
he's being super oh is he not here
anymore okay I'll go get it later then
okay MC cheese chill stop being cheesed
um tinan brings up a good point by that
logic is rolling a die to see the damage
you hit not gambling then I think no my
reason I there's lots of dice games boys
my reason for this is that
oh is there any dice game that's
specifically based on that though that
isn't just D and D cuz like batro is
specifically based on poker I don't know
I don't know every dice game but I do
know that just like rolling Dice and
seeing if you win said craps is 100%
gambling it's a it's like a gambling
game you just you just you just dice
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah either way quite literal actual
gambling being rated as 3 plus while
batro is 18 plus is just bad yeah that's
not good I haven't tried batro
apparently it's phenomenal it's like one
of the best Rog likes ever made
I like it does matter that it's lot of
other people like it but I like it okay
finally getting my kids into
cards yeah we just we just never did it
we just like never played cards we've uh
We've sat around and we've had like
family Hearts night twice this week um
have you ever played Hearts I like
hearts yeah oh I love hearts hearts is
fun it integrates a lot of
the cool things about like card games in
person I think it's a nice uh it's a
nice mix of luck and strategy yeah
because the rounds or not the rounds but
the game is long enough that if you're a
good player you can give yourself a much
better chance to win but obviously a
little bit of an element of luck is fun
I also like the card passing um yeah the
card passing element and the strategy
involved in that if it didn't have card
passing honestly it just wouldn't be
anywhere near as good of a game no
that's a hugely important part yeah no I
uh no and and it's been it's been really
interesting to see how super like hyper
engaged the kids have been with it like
they I'm like hey do you guys want to do
you want to do hearts night after the
first night it's like hey do you guys
want to do like hearts night and they
were like immediately at the table nice
clean up the table we got some really
nice cards we went to Hidden wonders
again um local magic show absolutely
phenomenal if you live in the Vancouver
area or if you're visiting soon and you
haven't been to Hidden wonders it's
pretty great take your hand okay just
bring it like watch this just put it
right here and then was pretty good like
that okay because you're doing yourself
a disservice go to Hidden wonders um the
point is I bought some of his cards cuz
he claimed sure and I would never trust
a magician but he claimed that they were
the best playing cards in the world I
love them so I was looking for an excuse
to play with them sure so we went last
weekend so anyway I was so so anyway
afterwards I was like hey do you guys
want to play do you want to have like
hearts again they were like cleaning up
the table
keep our Cs and clean getting ready like
abolutely stoked on it and uh yeah it
was blast I used to when I was
considerably younger my my best friend's
family would bring me out fishing for
like two weeks in the summer which was
awesome we'd camp and fish and it was
great and one of the things that like
the the boys would do at night was was
play Hearts yeah and it was awesome it
was very fun n says get them into crib
it's great for Math and Counting skills
it is I find cribbage to be a little bit
luck-based for me to enjoy it as much as
I enjoy Hearts um we we I played a my my
grandfather loves cribbage and so I I
would play that with him when I was a
kid and uh it was it was pretty cool
getting to see my my eldest and um learn
to play it with him like we went over
and we kind of like learned to play with
my grandfather and um it got to the
point where I could be like kind of
helping in the kitchen and and they
could play a game
but I can't say I enjoy crib as as uh as
I enjoy Hearts my main issue with hearts
I also love presidents and uh
that's that one's a lot of fun with the
big group my main issue with hearts is
you got to have four players
yeah can't have five can't have three y
um oh yeah Binky draws says Bluff is a
great game to play if you have a bunch
of incomplete decks uh yeah we um we
call it cheat that that's that's what I
always knew it as if you play cheat
cheat or Bluff or is it's also
called I don't think so um it's it's not
as much fun with a small group but with
a big group like probably five to eight
I would say would be your your optimal
group size and then you play with a
couple of decks um Bas you claim how
many of a card you have is it that game
and you put them down face down yeah
I've never played it but I've heard of
it it's a lot of it's a lot of fun if
you've got if you've got a like a a good
vibe and uh and people are kind of a
high energy State cuz it gets really
ridiculous because there are wild cards
plus if you got two decks you'll get
people making just utterly wild claims
like 11
Kings and you'll be
like cheat you pick it up like holy
like six Kings and five wild cards like
oh okay and then when you when you call
it and you're wrong you pick up the
entire discard pile and bring it into
your hand so when you've got like two
decks and someone gets a couple add
calls wrong they've got like 48 cards in
their hand they could have anything at
that point yeah the I think that's
called a bunch of different things um
and you can play it with like dice or or
I I think I think people do it with like
serial numbers on bills and like all
this other type of stuff yeah cheat
cheat's a lot of fun um soop Cannon says
Uno is fun I've only played Uno once I
what yeah I unironically agree Uno is
actually a super fun game um and it's
like I think maybe it gets a bad rap for
being kind of like for kids or whatever
it's basically Crazy Eights we just
never had it yeah it's Crazy Eights but
there's like more there's like more
cards and the cards are tailored for the
game rather than just being a standard
playing card deck yeah yeah yeah um yeah
Uno's actually like unironically a great
game buy giant Uno decks one of my
biggest problems actually with Uno is
buying the first party cards they suck
oh really the quality is so low like
it's it's low enough that it that it
impedes my enjoyment of the game wow
it's like it's hard to deal them
consider a they're sticky like and I'll
I'll take a brand new deck out of the
box and they're like they kind of get
stuck on each other and like they just
suck I don't remember them being like
that when I was a kid Uno cards didn't
suck and so um yeah Yellow Jacket Zack
says I have vintage ones that are
probably older than me and you know what
they're probably way better quality cuz
when I was a kid I don't remember them
having costed them down so much like it
sucks to see stuff that used to be good
um Steph dut says Phase 10 is the same
issue where the cards suck now I've
never I've never heard of Phase 10 I
don't know what that is but yeah just
come on man I just I want quality stuff
that lasts how how much is that to ask
apparently a lot apparently a lot yeah
um yeah crystal says they didn't used to
suck but they change distributors or
something it's like well they then they
shouldn't they should find a good one
and just ah yeah anyway we used to play
the the main board game that we used to
play was called Malarkey oh yeah have
you heard of malery before can't say I
have I don't know if it's like still a
game that's sold but this is like the
exact box that it was on its Wikipedia
so I doubt
it oh thank you this game malar has a
trivia game that incorporates bluffing
and into the game play and it was it was
super cool because you would so everyone
would that's Canadian AF is it is it a
Canadian game I don't know um you would
get handed out cards yeah and one person
would get a thing that just is like
figure it out you're going to have to
like make up a lie and everyone else
will get facts and then it's like about
a thing oh that sounds similar to balder
dash where you are given a word that
people are unlikely to know what it
means oh you have to say the definition
and you have to make up so it's
super similar to that yeah and then you
have to like sell your thing and why
it's correct and man it was like it was
pretty fun yeah that that those types of
games are a ton of fun yeah um do you
remember
this I don't know if anyone else
remembers nightmare the board the video
board
game um I feel like I've heard of
this it was so this frame for sure oh
apparently it was called atmosphere
somewhere else well it was called
nightmare in North America and it had
this like the it had these creepy like
video VHS tapes that would go along with
that would go along with it uh yeah
here's the uh what
$350 are you kidding me no no no here's
one for 60
bucks nightmare the video board game
dude I would I would totally play this
I would totally I would totally play
this thing hold on nightmare I I bet it
sucks but I played this with my family
like a bunch of times when I was a kid
why am I
on cfra oh Canadian French well whatever
I'll deal with this another time but
yeah nightmare is it any good you're
going for it
tonight uh is what any good nightmare
yeah I don't know I I I don't remember I
was probably like nine or whatever when
I played it so
who knows um all right what are we
supposed to be doing oh shoot Dan's gone
um um
sponsors no we can't do it without right
another topic the FTC is Banning hidden
fees from hotel and ticket prices new
rules set to take effect in April of
2025 will require upfront disclosure of
the final price of hotel stays vacation
rentals and live event tickets before
you reach the checkout first proposed
more than a year ago the rules Target
Resort convenience and service fees that
are often used to covertly increase
profits the fees are still allowed the
new rules just mean that they must be
disclosed earlier in the process and
that the total price must be displayed
more prominently than most other pricing
information shipping fees and taxes
however are not subject to the new rules
though they must be disclosed before
payment info is collected from the
customer I wish taxes were our
discussion question is can someone point
the FTC at ticket scalpers next yeah
really yeah no kidding I don't I don't
we'll we'll see what the FDC keeps doing
now that lenina Khan's out yeah rip Lena
KH because this is a Lena KH era thing
come to Canada Lena yes please we uh we
we'd love to have you here as the I
don't know we we just we just got a
bunch of new ministers like that would
have been a perfect opportunity minister
of everything not being whatever
title you want yeah whatever whatever
you want Lena just come on up just uh
we're in Siri so if you just head up to
Siri just knock on the door and just
tell them Lena Khan's here and uh we'll
get it worked out I'll I'll call out my
friend JT Mr Trudeau and uh I don't I
don't know Justin Trudeau
no but I'll do everything I can I'll do
everything in my power to get you in
touch with you know whoever you need
whoever you need to be like in charge of
something important because I'll be him
for much longer yeah might
yeah I you know what I think this is one
of those things where the right thing
for him to do is just resign and uh the
problem is that For Better or For Worse
the Liberal Party of Canada has
absolutely no one no one waiting in the
wings with any kind any kind of Charisma
um
so uh oh yeah good luck everybody okay
so here's an update for Burger MC cheese
or whatever I forget what your username
was yes we are working on our bit holder
thing you do not have to use a
third-party bit holder for much longer I
promise it has a keyhole thing on the
back so that you can put on our magnetic
Cable Management thing and you can just
like click it onto things it has like a
soft silicone style thing that's feels
really nice and is really like oh yeah
quality it feels like it probably won't
degrade uh the sorry the but oh okay
this one's derped because it's
pre-production but it's supposed to It's
supposed to come apart so you can pop
the thing off I think anyway the point
is tinan says soon he says soon TM um
there it is all right all right we good
we
good no and no it's not going to take
like another two years this is this is
almost final and I think we do have like
final tooling for this thing so it it's
actually actually very soon no just the
one size for now I'm still over here
waiting for the Scribe driver pencil man
things take time do you have any idea
how many people work at Creator
Warehouse like it's it's only a team of
a couple dozen people of which at least
two I think only about a half are
actually in like product design because
you have to have the administration and
like customer service like all those
other things so you look at the number
of products that that team creates it's
a crazy amount they're actually
incredible yeah so there you go world
class world class there's significantly
bigger teams that make one
product speak speak of which Ridge our
sponsor no they make way more than just
wallets now but they used to they used
to be called Ridge wallets it's time to
scrap your old bulky wallet this was so
weird to watch dud yeah our sponsor
Ridge is having a holiday sale now and
you can get up to 40% off if you're not
familiar with Ridge they're a longtime
partner of ours known for making slim
minimalist wallets that can hold up to
12 cards unlike traditional wallets the
ridge wallet is built to last and they
don't just make wallets they have key
cases luggages look how durable it is
and more whether you're treating
yourself someone in your family or a
friend rid's deals mean the perfect gift
this holiday season doesn't have to come
with a huge price tag if your loved ones
are also our viewers you can even gift
them an LT circuit board wallet which is
on sale right now don't miss out on
their holiday deals head to ridge.com
when what to get up 40% off man AI is a
trip dude the link is in the video
description that is weird the show is
also brought to you by rocket money
sorry it's long they require it to be at
least 60 seconds long I'm 100% sure that
I wasn't supposed to read that speaking
of wallets our sponsor rocket money
helps you stay on track with your
finances so you can stop hoarding Hotel
mini shampoos or sauce packets can you
name all of the subscription Services
you've signed up for off the top of your
head if you can't that's a problem
especially when you've registered for an
app's free trial and completely
forgotten about it afterward here's what
rocket money does it shows you all your
subscriptions in one place and if you
don't want them you can go ahead and
cancel with just a few clicks rocket
money can also build you a personalized
budget based on your spending habits
helping you grow your savings and lower
your bills and that's not all their
agents can negotiate better rates on
things like your phone or internet bill
all on your behalf their new goals
feature can even automatically save
money for you by transferring funds from
your linked checking account into a non-
interest bearing custodial account
rocket money has over 5 million users
and has saved a total of $500 million in
canceled subscriptions with members
saving up to $740 a year when using all
of the apps features so stop wasting
money on things you don't use cancel
your unwanted subscriptions by going to
Rocket money.com
slw finally the show is brought to you
by pulse way do you have more important
things to do during work
hours whether you're grabbing coffee
binging your favorite show or just
stepping away our sponsor pulseway has
got your back with their powerful
platform you can inspect all of your end
points in minutes roll out
pre-configured policies in bulk and get
systems up and running fast it's like
you're physically sitting right in front
of every machine managing files running
apps and controlling systems seamlessly
with their mobile app you can monitor
troubleshoot and solve problems in real
time anytime anywhere pulseway even
automates repetitive it tasks and fixes
issues before they snowball into bigger
problems and you'll get instant
notifications when something goes wrong
so you'll never miss a
thing already just came in here and took
something off the table already what'
you take what is it the it all right see
you later and for our viewers only
pulseway is offering 25% off all plans
so try pulseway for free at lm. g/
lt24 how mad do you think the business
team's going to be that I read that
thing about it needing to be 60 seconds
long they should know that you read off
the prompter they should know you San
Diego oh no wait sorry go f yourself San
Diego we had we had a topic we were
going to do a while back which was like
your favorite wow moments and I still I
still have bookmarked um when Adam onard
wrote that thing in the script and I was
just like whatever and just read right
through it the like yuy smart camera
thing do you remember that there's uh
with your what was it your tainting
balls or
[Laughter]
whatever oh it was so good
um for those of you in San Diego who are
upset it's an anchor man reference it's
not I don't actually I don't actually
care enough about the city of San Diego
to have feelings about it I mean which
maybe is worse I don't know who knows
oh no it was good I don't have the link
anymore I had the link when we were
doing the topic but we didn't end up
getting into it for whatever reason but
it's it's it's a very funny clip
um okay okay Dan hit us hi lenus I was
had to hear that the tall Wan V3 hoodie
was off the table what's the minimum
order for it to make sense I have a
Silicon Valley money uh how many do you
need me to
buy oh man investors uh okay I like you
you're cool I mean h here's the
thing minimum order on something like a
full custom designed hoodie can be a
little bit all over the place because it
depends on how many um embellishments
you're getting that are like custom
sourced so let's say you're getting a
custom draw cord or you're getting like
a custom zipper pull or you're getting a
like custom this custom that depending
on whether it needs to be injection
molded or depending on whether it's
machined or depending on who the
supplier is and what your negotiated
terms with them are it can be all over
the place but if I was to say if I was
to give you a rough number of how many
we would need to produce of a hoodie
like a a quite custom hoodie like the W
hoodie I'd say somewhere in the
neighborhood of 2,000 to 3,000 units so
that's for all the sizes combined well
it's complicated right because depending
on whether your limitation is a custom
dyed roll of fabric or whether your
limitation is how many you have to buy
of some weird carabin or zipper pull or
whatever it is uh that can impact it so
if if the limitation is fabric well you
can get around it uh that's one of the
ways that we're able to do so many
different prints of the underwear
because we can make onesies out of them
and we can go through a bunch of the
fabric by doing onesies um and that's
the reason why I'm trying to think of um
of something that was quite limited by
um by a custom thing instead I I can't
think of anything off the top of my head
but there's areas where you can kind of
you can kind of account for that in your
product mix um by by using it here so
that you can just do a few you know of
that kind of fun underwear pack or
whatever so so so what I'm trying to say
is it's all over the place but in
general for a custom hoodie I'd say
somewhere between let's say two and
3,000 units to get a run done all right
so AC oh yeah right so I was going to
say another thing is sizing so if you
think that it's a design that's going to
skew quadruple XL then you don't have to
produce that many of them to use up like
a custom die lot a fabric for instance
so back to WAN hoodie Wan hoodie tends
to skew pretty standard for for our seze
miic so we'll probably go from I think
small tole XL on that one don't quote me
on that because I don't remember exactly
but here's the issue we don't have a
tall hoodie um we don't have our tall
hoodie grading done yet and Grading
refers to um the process of taking your
reference sample which is often created
as a medium um because I'm deeply
involved in the development process and
I like to be able to try it on in order
to give feedback and also because medium
is the best selling size obviously
because that's why it's medium um so we
have other mediums try them as well to
make sure that it's not just made for me
but we we start with a medium and then
grading is the process of taking that
medium and building it up and building
it down to accommodate different sizes
the issue is that we don't have our
grading done for a tall
hoodie it also means that we would need
to figure out ahead of time what our mix
would be when we order these thousands
of hoodies so across our sizes let's say
we go small medium large XL double XL
triple XL that's six if we add tall
sizes right we just doubled our skew
count
which is brutal okay then we have to
make sure that we get the mix across all
those different sizes in the regular and
the tall variant we have to make all of
that fit into some reasonable order
quantity let's say you know let's say
2500 units for something like
that then we have to also balance that
with that if we absolutely completely
flub one of them it's going to be out of
stock for like 6 to 8 months while we
wait for a restock stock of all the
little bits and Bobs that go on it and
production and
shipping it is a lot to manage from a
logistic standpoint and I think that
often people do not consider or they
don't have experience with how difficult
Inventory management can be the number
of times that we've had people say why
don't you just have an EU Distribution
Center so I don't have to pay as much on
shipping when I'm kind of sitting here
going yeah we you think we didn't think
of that we thought of that but now I get
to take that let's say a 3,000 unit
order because I can sell more because I
have tall sizes and I have better
shipping to the EU I now take that 3,000
unit order I have to get the seze mix
right and then I have to nail I have to
nail many might be different course it
will and so then I have to nail how many
of them I send to our EU Distribution
Center or to our na Distribution Center
or you're going to end up paying more
for shipping anyway because we're going
to be out of Smalls in Europe where
people walk everywhere and we're going
to be out of trip xxl's in the US and
it's like crap so now all we have is an
inventory management nightmare because
you got to understand we're a small
company still in the grand scheme of
things we are not Unico yeah we're not
Lululemon we aren't producing a style on
the order of you know 50,000 units in
one shot we're not doing that yeah we're
making maybe 2,000 units so splitting
that across all these distribution
centers is just it's not it's not
feasible for us right now not at our
current operating scale and I know it's
easy to say well your operating scale
would probably be better if you guys
accommodated larger sizes and if you had
multiple distributions be careful though
yeah but how much investment do I want
to take I will say I will say do I want
to take VC money do I want that to
impact our product development and the
way we run our business we don't want to
do that but I will say yeah the tall
blank shirt is sold out in long and
short sleeve in every single possible
size that we have it's very very very
strongly rated five stars the top review
on it right and I'm going to cut Luke
off I actually muted his mic I've muted
your mic go I'm I'm going to cut Luke
off right now because I have good news
for you oh when we bring in our new
colors of t-shirts which are coming soon
I think we've got five new colors of
t-shirts I want to
say they will be available in tall sizes
oh that's cool so not just black but you
got to give us time no that's awesome
that's awesome I'm just I'm not I I
understand it all takes time I'm just
saying the most recent riew says please
bring back more to the store I need 20
of them I know I'm aware I'm aware uh
frostblade says yes um a lot of people
underestimate how small LT is yes it's
bigger than the twers coffee shop in my
town but even a company like critical
role is maybe 10 XLT and even then
they're small compared to something like
a Mr Beast we
are any Creator company
is insignificant you know compared to
the the the multinationals and honestly
even then I see comments all the time
that are like how can they not do this
they have 100 employees it's like okay
but do you have any idea how much stuff
we do do we do so much St all of those
people are incredibly busy it's not I
actually don't know if critical role is
10 times our size I don't know how big
critical role is but I'd be pretty
surprised that would be very surprising
I I was reading the comment verbatim I
mean how many people how many people
work at critical role
uh LC assume they're smaller but I don't
know yeah I have no idea I mean they
have like eight founding members so they
they
definitely have some stuff going on or
something uh yeah does does anyone know
like how many people work there I
legitimately have absolutely no
idea I'm over it uh
okay what do you want to talk about next
about another merch message oh yeah
right merch messages celebrating getting
a new job at an AWS data center coming
from it at a k to2 School District what
are the biggest mindset shifts or skills
I should focus on for success in a data
center we don't work at a data center uh
oh critical R is about our size uh
LinkedIn
says um 50 to 200 people so they're
they're somewhere in the same kind of
neighborhood as us don't care cool
nice uh what what exactly was they went
they went from teaching and now they're
working in a data center it from like
Elementary High School to working in ah
okay so it a school to it for a school
district I should
say
um man
security yeah probably I mean there's a
lot of privacy and security concerns in
something like a school but Man compared
to the stories you hear people telling
about
like man seriously going to um going to
equinex and like hearing that there's
cages that literally if anybody even
touches the outside of them like they
have touch sensors on them like the head
of the head of security gets a call like
immediately it's like that's like that's
wild yeah I feel like the stakes are
going to shift like if if the TVs in the
hallways of the school aren't receiving
the thing that you're trying to send
over them I'm sure somebody's going to
be upset about it um but now you're
working at a data center that is serving
data for for any number of different
types of businesses
um and it's it's likely going to be a
more intense environment I suspect I
don't know though like again neither of
us yeah neither of us have worked in a
data center um Dan Dan Danny says I had
to get an FBI background check to get a
tour of the switch data center here in
Vegas yeah like that doesn't surprise me
at all I've heard now you're working in
the data center not the software
development side I've heard the software
development side of AWS is quite the the
meat grinder when it comes to
employees um
so I don't know keep your head
down Dan one more Yep last one hey dll
I've had my backpack for one and a/2
years to which my kid and significant
other both wanted one which are already
under our tree would you ever sell LTT
colored carabiners to help a family
differentiate bags that is so funny uh
do either of you have your LTT bag pack
on you I do uh can I can I borrow yours
for a second Dan do you still have your
thing on it thing yeah the thing yeah
the name thing yeah so here's our
solution uh we gave them away at our
Christmas party one year and um here
hold on Linus cam there we
go we put um there we go we put little
tags on them with little laser engrav
tags with people's names because we did
foresee that it was going to be a huge
problem that literally everyone in the
entire company had the same backpack all
of a sudden overnight yep hasn't really
helped really not really so uh my look
at him I
guess is to find some little That's
Heavy you got some stuff in it I know I
always do find some little
embellishments or something to hang off
of yeah to hang off of your poles and
help to differentiate your bag that's
really that that's really all you can do
I've got my dopamine Beaker and I've
lost my little whale from
LTX I still have the little gold chain
but the whale has gone and I'm I've got
a couple things on there the the float
plane team went on a float plane so I
have the like luggage tag from when we
did that still on my bag um and I've got
the the like uh morphologist the like
architect staren guy he gave me a a pin
for his like staren Clan or whatever it
is um and I have that on my bag so I
think it looks cool mine is a Mighty Car
Mods lanyard nice from our recent collab
and then I also so have my little lus
Sebastian thing I stole that from my
full siiz backpack yeah mine's still on
my full size and this is a snake um yes
that my daughter made for
me I'm I mean yeah it's kind of a snake
snake like put a bird on it hold on she
actually gave me a new thing that I
might have lost uh oh bad dad uhoh oh
shoot I might have lost the little
lizard she gave me well meat whoops is
there anything important in there cuz
you really flop it around oh it's it's
all my screwdrivers oh yeah I have like
five screwdrivers in there cuz I I put
all my different bit sets in my
different screwdrivers they're all
colorcoded oh can I do a can I do a
business pitch to you live on the show
business pitch AKA a
[Laughter]
yeah can I do one of those sure
yeah you can at me cool nice uh so open
sauce was amazing and some of us are
going to go again just like regardless
yeah
um but I was thinking it's a maker event
what if we had a make your own
screwdriver
Booth don't pitch it to me no no pitch
it to pitch it to someone else because
that is going to be a is it so
what is it is it do the machines become
a problem or like what what are the
downsides here uh tinan is
saying yeah I already kind of somewhat
so there's a number of issues issue
number one is getting the dyed Plastics
there's minimum order quantities often
for getting dies so we cheated on a lot
of the ones that we had for the make
your own screwdriver booth at LTX where
we were able to piggyback on top of the
mega Pro red that they already are
buying in bulk and we were get a little
bit of it from them and some other
colors they had a blue already that we
that we borrowed uh there were a couple
where we had to like buy too much D it
goes bad which is like great like
plastic gu goes bad like okay sure that
sucks oh Titan says it's an excited e uh
I am not committing to anything um so
there's make Mak sense there's then
there's the like getting the production
time for it because you're you're
basically you don't know what you're
going to make yeah so you have to make
like extra of everything you're going to
have a huge bin of garbage at the end of
it essentially well we we made not
really we made lemonade out of garbage
because we made the mystery screwdriver
the random color screwdriver so that's
fine we got rid of it all that that's
okay we could solve that um but the
other issue is transportation we have to
carry we have no idea what we're going
to make everyone at Open sauce might
make an all orange screwdriver we don't
know and obviously you can kind of run
out of something but if you run out of
like half of it that sucks that's that's
that's taking a w and turning it into
two L's you know like that's not that's
not good did you come with that on spot
or I no I've used it before but it is a
me thing it's pretty good yeah take
taking taking a w and turning it into
L's or taking two L's and turning them
into a w I love it it's pretty good um
so you got to so you got to carry a
bunch of stuff down um so that's that's
a real pain in the butt and and
otherwise you know you have people show
up at the booth and it's like oh yeah I
mean this would be kind of cool you
don't want right colors for me you don't
want to create negative experi line now
and there's none of this left um and
then there's also the fact that that
would mean that instead of our cool
team of cool people hanging out with
other cool teams and cool people they're
like Manning a
booth which
I don't know maybe you guys are super
into it and you just want to work at a
booth at Open sauce but like are you
sure just all I'm asking is that you
just think about it are you sure CU it's
not something that I would that I would
assign to people I wouldn't be like oh
yeah that show that you really like
attending how about you work at it they
want us going again anyways um so that's
cool so we're going to have some amount
of presence there regardless when it
happens whenever the date is I don't
remember Diego s says that's why you
have employees duh I'm talking about the
employees the the doesn't just roll
down a hill indefinitely at some point
somebody has to work what did you
say l can do it I I'm I honestly
somewhat agree with him I don't want to
man the
booth I don't want to do that part maybe
for like a little bit I don't want to do
it for the whole time get volunteers to
help no you guys don't understand what's
so cool about the screwdriver Booth is
you get to talk to the people who
designed it what's cool about the
screwdriver is that they like know it
inside out and what's safe about the
screwdriver Booth is we have people who
are really familiar with the arbor
presses and that can make sure that
nobody squashes a finger and all that
important stuff
um yeah so I I I don't know I what I
would rather do what I'd rather do in
the longer term or the medium term is
figure out how to do like an Xbox
controller configurator but for the
screwdriver where you can just configure
your own custom one online yeah that's
where I'd like to get to but we are oh
we can build the configurator no
problem we even have a 3D version of it
that's like semi made already have you
seen that I think so actually the 3D
hovering screwdriver in in any
background environment you want tough
yeah that part's way harder yeah for
sure because one of the big challenges
is that we have to stock the entire
ratchet assembly with the selector ring
on it already if that were not the case
it would significantly simplify the lead
times of that part because we have to
have the injection molding done here
then we have to have it assembled onto
the ratchet assembly in China then we
have to have that assembly sent back
over here for final assembly of the
driver and handling that across like six
or eight different colors or whatever
it's just like B it's going to mean that
for extended periods of time you're
going to have certain colors out of
stock it's just it's a lot of logistics
to manage when we're already having
trouble keeping t-shirts in stock so and
that doesn't mean that the team isn't
smart and doesn't work hard or whatever
it just means that the logistics of
managing a store with like over a
thousand SKS is is really tough it's
also like if you if you look at
customized versions of products on
stores I can think of a couple where
like I don't know you can get your name
etched onto it or whatever it's usually
surprisingly not that cheap oh oh yeah
oh 100% it's a lot oh dude we've got um
we were looking at what the pricing
would probably have to be if we ever did
the resin infused wooden screwdriver or
the sorry yeah the resin infused wood
screwdriver and those screwdrivers
instead of being like buying a resin
infused wooden screwdriver you would
probably buy that
one and it would probably be listed on
the site for like 7800 $900 because
realistically it would have to be like
hand monitored like we would take that
that piece of wood like that one and
then we would probably do it here and it
would have to be like hand assembled by
someone on our engineering team as
opposed to just some random or whatever
because of still has to meet specs Etc
yep and and the cost of of those things
like it's like when you look at like
knives and stuff that have this resin
infused wood and the handle and stuff
like that they're they're like $1,000
they because the the getting it is is
really expensive on top of all the other
complications making you can't get them
at volume right um citizen 5391 says
bespoke screwdrivers would go crazy for
the whales I know I know I'm sure you
could sell like five of basically
anything oh yeah oh oh probably it's
just a question of like it's it's
balancing whether that would even be
worth spending our time on like the
opportunity cost of it we also have this
the whole thing with the store where
we're we're trying
to make something new and better
and while it might be expensive it's
really good and and it's that stuff it
also has to be somewhat within reason
expensive but reasonable yeah we had a
$600 backpack but everyone who bought it
was thrilled with the Luxe backpack
because the materials are great it has
all the functionality of the regular
backpack and it's a head turner um like
when I was daily driving the Lux
backpack dude I saw you get questions
about it people are like wow what is
that because not everyone's into it and
that's totally fine but the people who
like it like it like one of my friends
in Taiwan like badon buddy tried to buy
it off of me and I was like dude this is
the only sample like I have to wear test
it you can't he's like what's the what's
the retail price I'll buy it for full
retail price like dude look I would give
it to you if I could it's not about the
money you just can't have it it's the
only one that exists yeah um Top Gear
asks have you guys surpassed a million
screwdrivers yet stubby and full size
combined no I think I think we're close
to 300,000 or so which is a ton which is
unbelievable yeah and I think our
Shopify order number is over a million
now but I don't think we actually have a
million orders because there can be like
cancellations and stuff oh that makes
sense yeah so we're getting we're
getting super close to a million orders
through Shopify uh we we apparently are
actually like a very sizable like store
for the Shopify platform which is
something I never would have thought I
never would have thought would happen
citizen 5391 asks how's the gold
controller
doing it's doing great appreciating
actually yes if anyone wants to buy
it you could buy an appreciating asset I
would be very open to selling it I don't
actually have any kind of emotional
attachment to it it's actually kind of
annoying to use yeah it's not great to
use it weighs so much it is it but it's
cool and you'll look cool in front of
all your cool friends
yeah if you wanted to
um yeah if you wanted to I I don't even
know SL a big and tall label on
it I'll engrave a little whale on it
that's the Duke I'll engrave away
wow
okay how crazy would it be like to
celebrate a million screwdrivers to do
like a golden screwdriver or something
like that I actually I don't know I
don't even know if I don't even know if
we'd have to wait that long I think that
doing a golden screwdriver for like the
metal screwdriver launch or something
like that would be kind of cool wait
what Oh you mean to sell it no one's
going to buy it no no
no metal screwdriver launch I don't know
what you're talking
about um anyway what are we supposed to
be doing Dan topics topics
HP downgrades printer features when you
don't buy genuine ink Accord to a post
on r/ design an HP printer owner
named Mitch had multiple features of his
Deskjet 2700 removed or revoked because
he lost his HP Plus benefits when he
installed non-hp replacement ink in his
printer some HP Plus benefits include
cloud-based printing automatic updates
and fixes improved print quality
Advanced scanning features extended
warranty and enhanced security features
now hp's version of this is that HP plus
is a free upgrade available on many HP
printers when you set up an HP account
use genuine HP ink cartridges and keep
your printer connected to the
internet additional benefits include the
optional HP instant
ink oh so you pick a plan based on how
often you print not how much ink you use
starting at 189 a month for 10 pages of
that whole thing is that whole is that
still a thing I
guess see you don't get to just spin you
know you can't just spin you can't say
hey it's an upgrade if you do all this
stuff no it's not it's a downgrade if
you don't do all this stuff you have a
gun to my head this is a stick not a
carrot
H
H brutal
$189 a month Q you not
$189 oh you just Luke's on it in the
chat just 100% believable I don't know
what to say about that other than yeah I
was just like that sounds about right
for HP brutal let's move on to our next
one somebody found our geocache yeah at
the end of Tuesday's video oh our
original here we might as well we might
as well show the uh hey they found it
and they look exactly genuine Smiles
exactly as wet as I would expect them to
look look uh so that has a $500 LT Store
gift card on it or something like that I
think um so this was really cool at the
end of Tuesday's video the most
expensive USB drive on Earth per gig we
revealed that we had hidden that Ferro
electric USB drive in a geocache
somewhere in the Vancouver BC area with
$500 of coupon codes on it and we left
Clues throughout the video a flurry of
activity in the comments our forums and
Reddit followed and the device was found
about 6 hours later near a geocache in
Port C
here is the solution if you uh if you
don't want spoilers and you want to try
to solve it for yourself by watching the
video you can totally do that um I'll
put both hands up when you're good to
tune in again there you go um first the
video had four quarters of a QR code
hidden in it Connor was responsible for
hiding the QR codes and he determined
the spots the time stamps are 502 543
643 is it's a single frame and 1012 in
the outro once you assembled the pieces
of the QR code it led you to a picture
of a broken fence the fence was a rail
fence which references the cipher used
to encode the text surrounding the QR
code since the fence in the image had
three rails so did the rail fence
Cipher I added space and line breaks to
the encoded message which makes things a
bit more difficult I did not include an
offset so here's an example of a rail
fence
Cipher this Conor's idea cuz this was
sick uh no I believe this would have
been Adam working on this good job I had
intended to have an extra step using
another ciphered message within the rail
fence Cipher the next hint would have
been Liberty Freedom tyranny is dead a
line from Shakespeare's Julius Caesar to
indicate that the next code was using a
simple Caesar Cipher A to B B to C C to
D Etc even when only a portion of the
message had two layers of encryption it
made it very hard to know if you were on
the right path Also I ran out of time to
make it more complex so we didn't do
that instead I just included the name of
a geocache that could be found near
where I stashed the drive to avoid too
much disruption to the Geocache I didn't
actually hide the drive inside of it
just nearby to get the exact coordinates
you just had to solve the Geocache
puzzle which I will not spoil here um
Adam says I did my best to be hands off
but did end up providing hints by
reacting to comments on the forums when
it seemed like people were getting
really far off like thinking that we hit
it an Enderby or started calling phone
numbers Adam oh boy yeah okay that makes
sense congrats to redditor Betty brat
and her husband it was great to see the
teamwork of the community many viewers
outside the Vancouver area we're helping
out those who were close enough to have
a chance at the prize we did manage to
generate some mild controversy in the
geocash community uh geocaches are
created by community members and are
meant to be done for the fun of it
rather than for any sort of prize and
introducing a bunch of normies to any
hobby is usually met with a bit of
resistance um as new folks might not
understand the culture or best
practices um some people did point out
that plugging in random USB sticks is a
bad idea you don't know what's on it in
this
case I um I really doubt that someone
was able to find it Flash the firmware
program something malicious to put on
the USB drive then put it back where it
was supposed to be possible it is
possible however very unlikely I'd also
be surprised if someone decided to
purchase similar looking USB keys with
malicious stuff on them and litter them
around J Cashes in the low Mainland um
it's like needles and Candy Apples it's
not really a thing that actually happens
except when does happen um so yes that
is a really good point but it was also a
very distinctive looking USB drive with
very distinctive functionality like
you yes good point it would have been
tough but also very very unlikely the
level of the level of gatekeeping that
was going on with a couple of members of
the geocash community was actually
comical yeah um and you all need to calm
down uh but yeah it was it was fun it
was fun we had a lot of we had a lot of
fun with it and uh the team has a lot of
fun creating content like that I saw a
lot of people um that were angry about
the sort of detective interrogation and
like the lawyer conversational skit that
took place in the video and anyone who
said it wasn't their cup of tea I kind
of noted that and anyone who got super
angry about it is now officially
shadowbanned from the channel forever
because guys we got to we got to do
stuff don't don't get mad just express
your thoughts it's so exhausting
sometimes dude our comment section is
legitimately it's getting better like
way better I don't know whether it's the
threat of Shadow Banning or or that it
was just a very because I haven't
actually done it to that many people or
whether it was just a very small number
that were creating as as V majority of
the nonsense a lot of these are actually
very small numbers like it's it's a lot
of communities are are often ruined by a
very small group of people yeah because
it doesn't take much to taint the bunch
nope it really does and you know what I
um I had an interesting conversation at
the uh the smash Champs the Badminton
Club at the smash Champs Christmas party
I now have to attend multiple Christmas
parties I'm running too many companies
it's a very relatable problem I know um
so we had a really interesting
conversation because they finally dug up
a data point that I'd been asking for
and you know how I can never turn off
work so we're at a Christmas party we're
talking about work anyway the point is
that um because we've been offering it
for free we've had free drop in for uh
our soft opening there have been people
who have been signing up and then not
showing up because there's no
consequences for not showing up and what
we discovered that there was a group of
repeat offenders who had done it over 30
times in a span of just a couple months
that we've been soft open and so we were
having a conversation about you know
what what our reaction should be to
something like that and uh the team I
want want to get out ahead of this the
team already made their case and and and
I gave in I gave in they said they
wanted to give a warning to these people
before issuing any kind of suspension or
or anything like that but what I told
them I wanted to do was
just just permanently ban them
forever because doing something like
missing missing a book session once in a
while that happens it's going to happen
that happens y doing dozens of times
over a span of 30 times over a span of a
couple of months yeah knowing that by
booking the session somebody else can't
sign up for it because it's a limited
number of slots that just means you're a
if they're going to do
that what else are they going to do what
else are they I just don't want them
around you really want them on your
course and here's the
numbers
2.5% it was 2 and a
half% of the total people who have come
to play that we're engaging in this sort
of egregious level of abuse of our
online booking system and would you let
people
appeal why yeah why
yeah no why give me many times yeah that
many times is tough because that means
you spent a month in the how long two
months how long it's been over so you
spent half of the time since it's been
open booking and not showing up so like
you know maybe you have a slew of
Unfortunate Events and you end up not
making like a few in a row even and it
like looks kind of bad you're like yeah
like I just I wasn't trying to be a jerk
I I thought I could go and then you know
just life is mess up right now and it
just kept not working
but spending a month out of two to two
and a half months doing that is is too
much yeah Chris 429 says honestly it's
crazy that 2% of the time you've been
open you couldn't rent that space that's
crazy that's not how that math works the
way the math works is that if you have 2
and 1 12% of the people of the people
that have come and played doing this 30
plus times we would have sessions that
are fully booked and have like a third
of the people there because two-thirds
of them weren't there that's that's what
this kind of egregious repeat offending
does to a community it destroys it it
yeah it actually yeah it makes it less
interesting and when there's less people
there it's less interesting yep cuz in
my limited experience with batminton
people you'll kind of jump the courts a
little bit sometimes yeah absolutely go
play with other people do whatever
especially during drop in yeah it's it's
very much a community thing so having
such a reduction in the amount of people
that are there can be bad hafia says
there has to be some Advanced payment
for booking yes yes and once we once
we're taking payment absolutely there
will be but we're soft open and we
wanted people to be able to come and try
the courts and and enjoy some free
binton I mean this is why we can't have
nice things we we actually were trying
to like do a solid obviously there's an
advantage for our business right like
we're we're getting we're giving people
that first that first hit you know um
smash yeah the first first first smash
right but
like yeah like I don't I yeah so
obviously we're going to figure it out
but no it was free so people were taking
a free thing it's it's and and so like
the 2% of people were showing up at the
door where the bowl of candy is out
please take just one and just taking all
of them
ruining it for
everybody
brutal um so yeah I don't know I just I
I just my state of mind Ivonne disagreed
she supported the smash team and you
know they ultimately have decided to
issue a warning to all these people and
even that there like a manual process
it's creating unnecessary work for us to
go and like tell them to not be a
right like why so
they're going to do it they're do it
we're going to give them a warning or
whatever but honestly I'm not I don't
support that I think we should just not
bother with I don't need them I'll take
the other 97 and a half% of good eggs
yeah because I don't think have
intendance problem most people are
pretty awesome most people are pretty
chill it just takes a so that that was
what I thought was interesting it was
that number 2 and a half% was the number
of people who were just egregiously just
jackes I bet you it's really not that
far off for like most things yeah yeah
genuinely yeah like looking at
communities that I've modded before and
stuff it's like or really a small
sitting in a theater watching a movie it
it's only it's only like two people that
won't shut up or have their phone on or
whatever yeah apparently I was reading
an article about this is this true
apparently disruptions in movie theaters
are becoming like way more of a thing
yeah because people aren't used to not
being on their phone so they'll just be
on their phone the whole time what yeah
that's crazy
yeah and they don't do anything they
don't just like kick these people out I
guess not like that's the that's the
thing that really blows me away because
as the proprietor of the business I feel
like it's my job to ensure that my
customers have a good time and I don't
care about one person if they are
impacting the other 99 that are not able
to enjoy my facility I I I am wondering
a little bit like I've heard this as
well you've heard this I've heard this
neither of us really go to movies that
often anymore so we haven't experienced
it is this we're all hearing about it or
have people in the chat actually
genuinely experienced this cuz like
Elijah said uh yeah people cheering it's
so true people cheering sometimes also
is this from Elijah going to the theater
or are you hearing this there's no way
Elijah ever went to a theater no way and
Elijah says it's hard to kick people out
it's a bigger disturbance to do that
than to let them be annoying no no no no
no that's the thing because you you only
have to kick them out one time they will
be a disturbance
forever I go to theater once a month wow
oh really well then why haven't you ever
seen any
movies what are you doing there modern
bad ones I don't know
man um maybe just theaters the staff is
just a person for popcorn yeah dude I
don't know as a movie goer and I used to
manage one in the 2010s uh there's way
more talking during the movie and phone
usage than there used to be yeah okay
Avid movie go oh okay yeah yeah
apparently it's more of a
thing huh okay I don't know
dude um okay I think that's because it's
the new Lord of the Rings movie
Conrad that's my take on it what is he
said nobody goes anymore we went to go
see the new Lord of the Rings movie and
there's only five people there what new
Lord of the Rings
movie is there a new Lord of the Rings
movie I don't know which is the whole
what are you talking about whole part of
the problem there's no new Lord of the
Rings movie no you're drunk hold on what
no oh animated movie animated movie The
War within oh I don't know if it's not
not the war within the war of the rerum
is is this cut off is this like actually
based on anything Tolen wrote or is this
just like going to have final season of
Game of Thrones syndrome
uh plot 183 years before the events it's
animated and not promoted well yeah this
doesn't seem like a fair comparison
necessarily o oof 11 and a half million
box office on a budget of 30 million oh
that's not that high of a budget though
for an animated
movie that's that's a high budget for a
like not Pixar animated movie yeah ah
okay like I don't know I don't know who
the heck this is oh Peter Jackson's
involved though interesting
don't I mean animated movies don't do
well you can't really say that because
like inside out to was lowkey like huge
inside out two was good yeah also Mario
movie like there there are yeah there
are big big animated movies yeah the big
ones do really
well all right yeah I honestly had no
idea there was
this Final Fantasy 7 rebirth directors
have asked fans Not to make
inappropriate mods again they told the
epic game store while the team has no
plans for official in-game mod support
we respect the creativity of the modding
community and welcome their creators
though we ask modders not to create or
install anything offensive or
inappropriate Community developed mods
can provide everything from bug fixes
and quality of life features to entire
expansion for games but can also add
less wholesome
content some PCR some pcmr members
question if this is a genuine request or
a clever way to market the game based on
potential mod content and that's 100%
what it is Luke seems to be luke seems
to be on that side but I'll I bet the
bank on it I'll say
this if if this
was um if this was Ubisoft I would agree
with
you but it's
not and the they've done this
before this exact person I think has
done this before okay and the results
were exactly what you would expect sure
and they're doing it again probably
because last time it got a ton of press
and a ton of people talked about how the
game was modable and like oh my god of
course there's going to be inappropriate
mods T hooray and I'm sure they know the
same thing's going to happen again what
if what if there are potentially
cultural
differences and this may genuinely be a
case where they are just respectfully
asking again knowing that nobody
listened last time and hoping that
someone will actually listen do you
think that is possible I think it's
possible yeah I I I I do agree that
that's possible I think at the same time
that if it if that is the case I hope
that they realize that it is doing
completely the opposite thing maybe they
do maybe they don't but either way there
are currently over 1,400 mods to ff7
remake on Nexus mods and at least a
couple hundred of them are not safe for
when
yeah tinan asks could it be both yeah it
could be it could be both it could be a
little bit of both this particular
individual or there could be members of
the team that that really are actually
offended by like I'm sure at least
someone there doesn't like that those
are happening and I'm at least
desecration of their beloved characters
and art and you know whatever else and
I'm sure that at least someone else
there is seeing dollar signs and it's
like wow this works really well last
time I bet you we could do the exact
same thing and the news media will do
the ex exact same thing and it would be
great and then that's exactly what
happened
revivers digital license plates hacked
to dodge tolls and tickets I had no idea
that these were a thing until I saw this
in the wock stop it stop it okay okay
okay okay okay okay
so digital license plates with
screens how is that legal who could have
Poss
foreen that somebody would hack them and
change what's on the screen nobody who
could have who could have foreseen it so
the the so the the the the topic here is
all about what's happening with revivor
digital license plates that is like
completely besides the point for how do
these exist how the do these exist
how are they legal at all this is so oh
my goodness dude you're not even allowed
to put put like a piece of plastic film
over top of your license plate here
because it makes it more difficult for
the traffic cameras to photograph them
yeah people do it anyway but technically
you're like not supposed
to who the thought this was a why
what is even the point of it it doesn't
even look that much different and it
like would take some amount of energy it
seems very weird to me like they're
super cool like you can change the like
outer you know a border of it
like aity thing or whatever like yeah
they're super cool I I can understand
why somebody would want one oh that
unquestionably no doubt all the license
plate flipping motorcycle people yeah
definitely but how anyone in any kind of
position of authority could look at this
and go that's fine gee I don't think
anything could go wrong with
this what yeah it
I was I was stunned here's what's going
on somehow I don't I don't know how this
happened attackers can replace the
firmware on revor brand digital license
plates which are currently installed on
65,000 Vehicles
attackers the new firmware allows an
attacker to change the number on the
plate at will via a phone app
potentially sticking other drivers with
their tickets and tolls the hack may
also enable users to access other plate
features with without paying revivor
monthly subscription fees which are
apparently
35 uh oh okay uh
$35 a a year yeah $35 a year why um why
why why would I want to pay $35 a year
well you don't want to which is why else
for my license so revor says the hack
voids the warranty and requires fancy
tools and rare expertise but researcher
Joseph Rodriguez count that now that the
hack has been discovered a bad actor
only needs to plug in a cable and upload
a new firmware yeah sounds about right
revor plates will send a notification to
the owner if they are detached from a
vehicle so attackers may need to jam or
overcome that feature in some way uh
there's apparently no way for revor to
update the software to prevent the
jailbreak it is apparently in hardware
and this is not the first time their
system has been compromised in 2022
vulnerabilities in revivor web
infrastructure allowed attackers to gain
administrative privileges on their
backend database allowing the ability to
track and change plates at will digital
plates are currently legal to buy and
register in California Arizona and
Michigan wow our discussion question is
I didn't know automated speeding tickets
didn't exist there anymore what problems
are being solved with a digital license
plate nothing I don't understand its
point at all okay other than getting
away with speeding tickets and tolls
that I completely understand vanity
themes but like is that even
even what are you really allowed to do
cuz like in the picture that we have
it's just a super normal license plate
no you can you can put like cute things
on it anyway there's a is that any
different than just like putting a
sticker on your normal license plate
dude I don't
know custom Banner messages oh my God at
$75 a year they limit how many custom
Banner messages you can put on it why
why are you allowed to put custom Banner
messages like that's is that not like
distracted distracting driving dude how
is that okay well no you would do that
while you're not
driving it can pay your tolls display
Amber Alerts and track your location I
think you can also use it for um uh you
can use it for like anti- theft I don't
think it can track your location they
have a they have a statement
specifically saying um revor reached out
with us with a statement saying that the
license place do not have GPS
capabilities okay maybe this is a
different uh maybe this is a different
startup then so I don't know what this
is anyway okay yeah I don't know oh oh
yeah revivor plates though don't come
cheap
out oh yeah did I mention the plates
$500 if you want to give it a cool
border buy a plastic one that have
existed for a trillion years and if you
want the little cool Banner things just
put stickers on it sure thing Grandpa
shees shees I'm okay with being old if
that's the line reboot rewind has
started their crowdfunding campaign it's
over Ron GoFundMe just wanted to promote
this real quick cuz it's a super cool
super cool Mission uh the the show
reboot um was like kind of part of our
our childhood especially here in Canada
and the original tapes have been found
but it's a lot of work to get them fixed
so um I think we could I think we could
probably throw a thousand bucks at it if
you guys want to throw a little bit of
money at it um that'd be that'd be super
cool I'm going to just going to forward
this to accounting if there's anything
else for you to say about that topic go
ahead but I need to do this so
yeah uh YouTube announces changes this
week clickbait slvo reply/ thirdparty AI
training YouTube announced starting in
India it will be removing egregious
clickbait defined as videos where the
title thumbnail don't match the content
wow interesting some examples they use
are in quotes the president of the USA
steps down where obviously that didn't
happen what if it's a skit though
I have heard and I haven't experienced
it personally but I have heard that
misinformation is a particular problem
like especially in India in like
WhatsApp groups and
apparently I don't know this I have not
experienced this but apparently um it is
it is it just spreads like absolute
wildfire and it's caused some serious
problems um that's all I really have to
say about that that's that's all I've
heard interesting uh YouTube also allows
creators to opt in to third-party AI
training what are they training question
mark who
knows but at least creators have the
option to opt in it's not on by default
what this is just YouTube announcements
this week so this is completely separate
from the other thing so no yeah for sure
that's just so weird uh YouTube is also
testing a new voice reply feature in
comments this can only be done by the
creator of the video that's actually
really cool it has to be a reply to
someone else's comment and only on iOS
what for select channels why only on iOS
I don't know man this is kind of based
on something that I had asked them to do
a while back I definitely didn't ask it
for to be only on iOS but you got to
understand iOS is probably if I had to
guess I'd say it's like 90% of top
YouTube creat It's not their own thing I
know doesn't matter
they at the end of the day look look I
could make this argument the other way
too should they serve their customers or
should they serve their own platform do
both well sure but just release on
Android and
iOS yeah that's not the question I was
asking yeah and when you're when you're
triing a new feature that might not ever
even go full release like do you do the
50% of the work that reaches 90% of your
users or do you do the 100% of the work
that reaches 100% of your users I I I
understand it I I don't have to like it
but I do understand
it yeah discussion questioning click
Team Green acting sus a user posted this
week on X that they were experiencing up
to a 15% penalty in performance while
having the Nvidia app installed on their
computer several other users and
Publications also tested this claim with
a variety of games and while some may
reach up to a 15% penalty it seems that
across the board every game that was
test stop between 2 and 12% on average I
think there was some solution here I
think you just had to like turn a
particular setting off yes and Nvidia is
working on fixing it so I we just wanted
to make sure people know to go ahead and
uh do we know what the setting is though
I don't remember go Google it yeah it's
figure it out definitely googleable it's
a very easy and quick fix it like it
sucks but it's not difficult to solve
citizen 5391 asks how much flexibility
do you have with accounting you gave
away $500 and now $1,000 donation I mean
how do I how do I how do I put this it's
all his dollars well it's not sort of
it's all yours and Avon's dollars it's
it's mine if I decide to give it to me
which means it's yours but it isn't yet
right until such time but you have full
control of it as I decide to give it to
myself means it's yours but it isn't yet
but you own it which means it's you do
though because you own the company I own
the company that is a separate and
distinct legal entity but you own that
that owns it and it owns that I do but
that entity with its board of directors
through inheritance you own the money
you own the company that owns the money
you're being very literal right now luk
being very literal Luke I could stab you
I just haven't yet yeah yeah same thing
that's I have a knife that's no it's not
the same thing at all no it's not is the
same thing no is it it is the same thing
because the government has to get
involved after I do
it it's not the same thing
Elijah enough
um anyway the point is that at the end
of the day if it's just down to money um
as long as I'm not doing something
that's going to get Ivonne mad at me uh
or that is going to affect someone on
the team's goals or like their like
their kpis or their quarterly bonus or
whatever else if it's just out of the
profits of the company then I I have
basically to Luke's point full
discretion to do whatever the I want
with it no you could technically do all
those things anyways that's self-control
oh well no no no I just mean I just mean
in terms of like what my rules are yeah
that's what I mean though it's
self-control cuz you own it so I I know
that ivonne's not going to be upset
about us donating that amount of money
to a cause that we think is cool and I
don't think accounting is going to be
bothered it's it's another check yeah
like it's it's yeah so so whereas if I
was doing something like in the middle
of Wan show I took a brand new product
that we launched and I marked it down
90% right the Creator Warehouse team now
has to scramble to get a new order in
they now have to figure out what the
heck they're going to do about all the
sales that were cannibalized by this new
product that is now priced way under it
they have goals around profitability for
the store and inventory management that
I've now just completely screwed up
self-sabotaging your own company that's
a and and and and the people within it
and the people within it if we're
creating a bunch of work for people
that's not okay but if we're
contributing some cash that isn't mine
because I haven't decided to give it to
myself
yet then towards a like a project that's
kind of cool and is aligned with our
corporate values and with M and yvon's
personal values then that's not a
problem yeah that's fine
CZ just wait till just wait till I'm not
saying he's going to do this but this is
pretty normal just wait till he sets up
a
charity then you just
yep
it's
I it's more of a thing in the US yes
it's not as applicable yeah it's it's
it's less of a just like infinite money
is it weird how when especially American
but business people in general get
really really rich they suddenly become
philanth
anthropist
wow I wonder
why it's a whole thing it's a whole
rabbit hole and it's not all conspiracy
theory nonsense there is a lot mixed in
with it which is kind of annoying and
frustrating but um yeah it
basically yeah like okay Mackenzie Scott
seems to be actually doing
it which one's that that's the one that
used to be Bezos H yeah but it turns out
he prefers like 400b lips so I've
genuinely no idea what you're talking
about it's fine don't worry about it I
didn't follow that at all I was like wow
this has no relevance at all to my life
Jeff bezos's ex-wife seems to be like
actually giving away a ton of money in a
way that's legitimately actually helpful
nice um okay not not buying all the
Farmland in the
states yeah well we can move on oh they
want me to fix my sleeve sorry about
that all right wancho after dark merch
massages let's do it
sure oh we Al we also got to go purple
there we go nice nice I didn't do it
within 3 seconds no I just I I was
trying to help yeah why do you got to
ride people like that he's going to stab
me now well I don't blame him I
might has it yet I'll do it for
reboot
Luke I I just got Oblivion on sale from
Steam do you have any suggestions for
greatest enjoyment should I wait for
skyblivion before I
start you might want to wait I don't
know uh Sky oblivion's different right
like there's there's new voice actors
there's been changes to some of the
items there's all this stuff going on um
it's also not out yet it is it is
theoretically releasing in the year
that's going to start in a couple weeks
but um we I we don't technically know
how good it's going to be and it will
technically be a different experience
now if you just got it and you're going
to play all of Oblivion and then play
all of Oblivion again when skyblivion
comes out that sounds like too much that
sounds like a lot of Oblivion yeah I
played
Oblivion approaching on two decades
ago it's probably been enough time for
me um but yeah I'm might wait if I were
you but I don't know make your own
decision go watch the sky bivan videos
and then figure it out yeah
and whatever you do don't mod Sky
Oblivion with not safe for work
character
models yeah yeah zero hot coffee there's
none of those those don't exist for
sure will there be a lux version of the
commuter
backpack doubt
it people would uh yeah people would
probably like it super limited run
so our relationship with our previous
backpack supplier got a little
strained we haven't been a perfect
partner either there have been some
projects that we started with them that
they did work on you know sampling and
and stuff like that that ultimately did
not make it to mass production with them
but we did move forward with and and
create as
products um you know they're not
understandably thrilled about that um
there however were some things on our
side that we were not thrilled about
either like the fact that we bought
40,000 backpacks that were supposed to
have a double layered bottom and instead
did not um we weren't thrilled about the
design flaw with the Carabiner things
like yeah could we have caught them
earlier yeah sure that would have been
nice but we like didn't design them or
validate them that was supposed to be
you know the backpack making experts
that we were partnered with um so so so
that so so eluxe products were made in
cooperation with our previous backpack
supplier so have to like redo it is
possible that we could do another Lux
something um maybe with an apple leather
maybe with apparently banana fibers are
like super cool there's some really cool
stuff from there uh this came up
actually during our last merch meeting
we were having a conversation about this
um the problem is that the volumes are
really small and the opportunity cost of
working on a Luxe product is very high
there's a lot of other stuff that we
could do instead of faffing about making
you know a couple hundred backpacks so
will we ever do it I'd like to I'd like
to have a lux commuter backpack um and
the people who bought the original Lux
backpack very happy are extrem
extremely um ver are extremely happy
with it like look at this thing 19
reviews this is a $600 bag and like the
nice looking best functioning backpack
I've ever owned um okay someone hasn't
got it okay well we'll have to get that
sorted out I mean customer service
should be looking into any tickets or um
any reviews that are like are
particularly they got refund oh they got
a refund oh well they got a refund
exchange rates oh H I mean uh the
accounting of that is very complicated
and I'm not going to get into it here
but I'm sorry that it worked out that
way basically um my daily six days a
week beg five stars the point is the
people who have it flipping love this
thing five stars five stars easily the
nicest backpack of a best looking bag I
own people talk about just getting
comments on it and people asking where
it's from it really is it really is an
attention grabber
um but we just didn't sell that many of
them and yeah I I don't know I don't
know if it's going to happen I'd like to
I'd like to it's a cool product but we
got to we got to work on stuff that
somewhat you know has a has an
opportunity to
scale what what technology would you
like to see become more widespread than
it is
now I don't know technology is like
every pretty
widespread um
oh
man I'm trying to think like I mean one
of them I'm I'm currently investing in I
I want to see Nas become more widespread
yeah like I think the vision behind I
think the vision behind some of the
storage coins and stuff was actually
pretty cool I jumped on that man um I
really wanted that to be a thing for
those of you who don't know the idea was
that you would contribute like you would
mine the coin that like whatever the
storage coin was I for what it was
called but some kind of storage coin by
providing space to like a a
decentralized cloud essentially and um
then people could pay they could buy
coins in order to back up their data to
This decentralized Cloud uh I you know
I'd love to see a future like that where
where Nas is just mainstream and like
kind of everyone has one and you just
kind of you don't have to Just Surrender
your data to Cloud providers um I hexos
hopefully is going to be a step towards
it being easier to easier for I wouldn't
say necessarily normies normies yet but
kind of techsavvy people like content
creators and Gamers to bring their
storage on Prem um yeah I'm going to go
with that I'm going to go with
nas hi Mr tips it recently came to my
attention that most of the data USB
cables I have
are what is the status of your USB C
laun I need like uh 10 GB per second
cable is he going to do it I think he's
going to do
it I had a quick chat with tinin uh
before the show today so we were talking
about spec versus Real World observed
results and talking about where the
lines going to be for um for our SE
where we switch over says don't talk too
much oh don't talk too much to be
specific he says it's a bit more
complicated than I thought
oh okay well anyway I was chatting with
tinan and this is a
cable it's a nice cable it feels great
um I really love that the speeds and
feeds are printed on the plug mhm that
is so not really printed it's like
stamped I guess on the on theed embossed
sure um it's it's so cool because a ton
of different USB cables they don't even
tell you when you're buying it what the
specs are at all uh and then if they do
tell you when you're buying it's just on
the box you take the cable out of the
box and it's gone you'll never know
again yep um it's just permanently on
there we just have the Watts and the
speed and Bost on to both ends awesome
so you can never mistake what the
capabilities of the cable are this one
which I'm not going to show you the full
length of because I don't know if we'll
be able to deliver this length at this
speed this is a 20 gbit per second 240
watt cable as you can see she is thick
like she like I've got this I've got
this cable like she is she's thick boys
so I've got this USBC
um widthwise and lengthwise here so you
could see it is like as thick as the
entire housing is going in there like
she's so thick we don't even need a
strain relief necessarily like we've got
a little bit of one kind of built into
the the molding for the housing but
she's just she's just only got so much
turn radius but it still does that
fairly nicely well the reason for that
is that we're using so in spite of the
fact that they are they are coaxial
conductors inside here rather than
twisted pair because only the finest for
our for our um loyal customers
um where was I going with that again
right we have coax in there something
something shoot I was talking about how
it it it right nicely right so the way
that we managed to make them Supple
anyway and like like flopsy doodly is
that we're using um a very similar like
silicone style sleeving to what you
would find on like hobbyist grade wiring
um so they're they're just going to have
like like that really nice kind of soft
touch feel and they should be extremely
resilient against uh UV uh as well as
just you know the the the ravages of
time
um as for some of the very very detailed
questions um I am going to that totin
yeah he's in full plane chat yeah I just
unplugged my head and maybe maybe we can
talk more publicly about stuff uh later
when things are a little bit more locked
in but not right now so anything yeah
anything tinan is willing to kind of
talk about in the float plane chat um
I'm willing to let him talk about
because realistically he's probably
going to be a little more conservative
in terms of you know what he'll say um
and he also is the most knowledgeable
one on the team about this project all
say for now is I'm really excited
because they're nice I think there's I
think there's room in the market for
this product uh I think that from what
I've seen there are premium cables but I
don't think the pricing is reasonable
there are a lot of cheap cables that I
think are being marked up extremely high
and the build quality of them is
extremely low I think that there is room
for an extremely premium
cable it's not the last thing you'll
ever buy to a degree cables are
consumable yeah they connectors are
they're rated for insertions and and and
and you know strain and like all that
stuff nothing is going to last forever
but I think there's room for a very
premium manufactured cable very high
quality materials good shielding um good
design choices cable that is not
ridiculously expensive due to an
extremely high markup we're going to
mark them up in such a way that this
will be a sustainable business for us
but I think that much like our magnetic
Cable Management right which seems like
an obvious product for someone to
clone right like why wouldn't you just
clone it it's just a plastic arch with a
magnet in it it's really hard to clone
it because the cost is in the
neodymium so unless you just make a
worse product you're not going to be
able to clone it and out compete us on
price so in much the same way
yeah you can build a cable that's like
cheaper or you can whatever but these
are there's just a lot of copper in them
there's just a lot of shielding in them
yeah um so I think I think this is going
to be something that's going to be
really appealing
to the folks who are willing to sort of
buy once cry once with their cables and
everyone else kind of need not apply
yeah you might not need super fancy
cables it is what it is Top Gear says
order double your initial predicted
quantity you will blow them out in the
first week that's what I think but I
have um I have not um had a lot of
success communicating my confidence to
some of the other members of the team
and this is where this is where like you
know consensus is important and it's not
as simple as me just
like whipping it
out and being like just buy it right
because other people's kpis are tied to
managing stock on the store it could be
running a reasonable business it just is
because of personal rules which is
good yeah yeah like I did kind of pull
it a little bit with this one yeah cuz
they wanted to order fewer SKS instead
of having more granularity in the
lengths and I was like what's the dollar
value on this just order them
like I don't want to talk about this
anymore everyone's in a while I will
pull that card just because time
efficiency to me part of the value of
this product is that we're going to have
different lengths and I want it to be a
really good companion product for our
cable management products so I want when
we're doing stuff like setup doctor I
want us to have the right length bloody
cable right so there's there are
business reasons for it aside from just
like sorry how many dollars is this just
put it on you just put it on the
corporate card we'll deal with it later
you know it's not it's not entirely that
like I did have reasons for it but um
yes yes canel Netflix for this we're
going to have we're going to try to have
lots of different lengths so that you
can have a nice tightly managed setup
that's their username cancel Netflix for
this that's good love it I thought for a
second I was like did they cancel
Netflix to save money for the cables
like what what are they talking about
anyways um couldn't you just do a
pre-order thing pre-orders are tough
because it means we're taking your money
now you're not going to get it until
Lord knows how long like what if we run
into an issue like what if our supplier
completely screws us over like we had
with the ratchet on the screwdriver not
the ratchet
the yeah yeah what if we get the initial
order in and it's like oh my God they
they produced the whole thing wrong or
something like that like it's just it's
so much my life is so much better if I
just don't have your money honestly I
don't need it yet I I only need it once
I have something of value to exchange
for it I don't I don't need it now I
just need it later yeah
yeah one oh never mind I'm so excited
for this though they're very nice I just
people are going to people are going to
see the price and they're going to be
like that's insane who would be insane
enough to buy a cable from LTT LTT is
overpriced they're they're garbage their
YouTuber tax blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah and then the people who get it
are going to order it and they're going
to touch this thing and they're going to
be like holy
crap are you kidding me right
now have you ever held a USB cable like
this no because no one isane enough I'm
so curious to know how much they're
going to cost I have no idea today's
today this is not right now but yeah
today is the first day that I've seen
these people are going to hold these and
they're just going to be like this is
beyond compare it might seem stupid but
the embossed thing on the
plug uh is like worth money there's
other brands that do it we're not the
only ones we're one of the only ones but
we aren't the only ones who do that I
haven't personally seen it but there's
there
there's more to it than just that oh of
course I just like that part A Lot CU I
find it super frustrating digging
through cables and being like I have no
idea what almost any of these really are
it's just that the cable industry
expects like ridiculous margins yeah um
and so we're coming in it we're coming
in and we're kind of going okay well
like we have a model where our margin is
sustainable and we think that there is
uh there's room for us to take our
margin model and bring it to a category
where no one's really building a product
that meets our quality expectations
and yeah yeah see what happens see what
happens cool see what
happens um Titan says we aren't looking
into lightning even though I have an
iPhone that uses it that is true
lightning is the past and I think that
probably um we would have other
priorities like HDMI and display port
Beyond USB that would come before
lightning yeah yeah I know USB cables
are cool but you get some like really
sick HDMI display port
cables yeah yep don't worry we'll sell
some of those even did they just say
what they are on them oh I know
right it's going to be good I'm excited
VGA cables win as someone who's going to
start hosting Game servers and other I
ask what uh would you like to see out of
cloud providers
I don't know stability and price sure
that's a that's a fairly solved game I
think all right archived sorry gone
hello my parasocial friends lonus how is
your bike painting project going yeah
finish it up dude we want the beard
what's going on I haven't touched it in
ages I didn't touch it how could you be
that rude to have on
what she wants the beard yeah she said
in her forgot that okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah I thought you meant like I thought
you were going like a like an I haven't
like jacked it in ages so that's like
disrespectful to her or something I was
like what are you talking about
no okay that makes sense in in the ion
week thing we watched today yeah okay
yeah yeah
yeah
um yeah
I'm I'm in a lot of pain right now ah I
have tennis elbow I still have residual
sprain to ankle I pulled my back in that
tournament um I need to go easy on my
body for a little bit yeah and I'm kind
of thinking maybe instead of hitting the
gym and badminton so much do some bike
painting I might do some bike painting
for a bit cool y nice hey dll are you
guys excited for any of the booths that
will be at CES I always enjoy watching
the videos of the new monitor technology
love the show I can't tell you anything
I'm excited to see cuz excited probably
embargoed multiple things that I can't
tell you about but
um yes oh I'm going for the first time
in a while quite a while yeah
not super excited about that part let's
go Las Vegas don't like Vegas viva viva
Las Vegas yep I'm going too Dan's going
I'm going for a vacation oh what I've
never been before I'm super excited okay
all right yeah yeah sure quote unquote
asked I assume Luke was like don't
bother do you like shows though like do
you like
theater and shows I want to go to CES
I'm into I'm into technology I work
here I want to see the super micros
branding
material shut up both of you the show is
like so disappointing if you really want
to see one of those shows you should
have gone I did NAB which was super dry
it's cool you know what I have never
actually attended CES as just like an
attendee so maybe that's part of the
problem for me there is cool stuff there
like if you're just going around and
just like and because he gets to wear a
lonus Media Group badge nope nope I'm
not going for the company he has a
different invite what cuz I'm not going
on your behalf oh I just assumed you
would just badge up with lus Media Group
so people will talk to you I don't want
to get talked to oh I mean I just want
to hang out it's also Vegas you guys
don't like Vegas Lu you have any idea
what percentage of the people watching
this show are going to be at CES Dan
like you are not going anywhere not Mas
need to buy a mask mask oh crap I keep
forgetting I work here I think I'm
realizing I don't think I've ever
traversed the CES show floor when not
like either speed walking or tactically
maneuvering through a crowd like I
haven't really when I see things it's
because I'm glancing at them when I'm
walking by but when I see things it's
phone cases Dan that sounds cool oh why
there's been a lot of development in
that sector you're lying it's also Vegas
I don't know you like Vegas it's okay it
used to be better now it's what does
that mean uh I don't know it's not as
adult anymore oh oh yeah they tried to
family friendly it up because uh like
post
postco uh they lost a lot of money right
it used to be more like bars and like
gambling and now it's like things to do
with your kids because please come to
Vegas and spend money you know what I
mean that seems weird cuz a lot of other
places going in the opposite direction
like people are talking about how
Disneyland is like for adults now and
stuff yeah apparently child- free spaces
in like South Korea are like huge it's
weird yeah I mean that makes sense
looking at their population yeah
stats okay cool uh why does my company
only allow us to use Wii with VPN and
not ethernet for quote unquote security
I have no idea
that does not make any sense to me other
than that maybe your network
administrator is just like stupid I
don't want to deal
with the cable runs or something you'd
have to well that they won't let them
use the VPN when they're connected with
a wire but they can use it when they're
on Wi-Fi what like maybe just like
whatever their infrastructure is they've
taken some kind of shortcut that's built
into their like Wireless management
thing instead of doing it at at like a
router level or something like that's
the only thing I can think of is if it's
if it's only if they've only implemented
something at the like Wi-Fi controller
level or something I don't know I I
understand you're just trying to figure
it out but that would be so
weird no I I get that's the only reason
I could think of for sure yeah know I I
why did all hotels rip the ethernet
Jacks out of the rooms they were already
there yeah why did they take
them out they it's just copper just
leave it there so I can have a reliable
connection I don't know I don't know I
don't I don't understand
it hey edl is there a type of video you
would have made 10 years ago that you
wish you could make today but it
wouldn't perform well on
YouTube oh yeah for sure I mean just
like the the lowkey like hey check out
this like random thing I'm working on
like okay here's an
example um
coola
borus like check this
out
um oh man I can't even I can't even find
this oh yeah here we go people are
saying like yeah like our firewall
doesn't let you connect a VPN from
inside the interface and it's like okay
but then it shouldn't let you do it on
Wi-Fi either like I can understand that
use
case like I was just like oh yeah here's
like two Tech coolers and I like hooked
them up to like a weird thing why no
this would totally work now no this
would 100% work now you just need to do
it with Alex and it would need to be
like yeah but this is just me holding it
and like just like showing what I'm like
yeah but this is the this is the like
filming quality and the production
quality not the concept this concept
would do just fine now yeah I don't know
it would do
fine you could do
it hyperd technology zip ties yeah we've
never really changed have we 14 14 years
ago
[Music]
yeah any Tech tips on cleaning the
bearings in the Precision screwdriver
mine has a 60 plus Second Spin and
quickly went to 30 after adding a tad
bit of oil as recommended to a hybrid
bearing it's
now I don't know if it's better or worse
it just cut off just stops there it's
it's
hilarious it's now character
capping
okay no I don't
know that's a good question for T said
it's a struggle or is a struggle to be
exact yeah I mean bearings
are that's there's a reason we don't
guarantee a particular spin length and
we do definitely know that there is some
variance and yes lubrication can be
helpful um tan said cleaning that
bearing is a struggle the amount of
inertia for the endcap means that
anything in there will slow it down yeah
like we don't have our like we want to
do like heavy like more fidget spinnery
end caps at some point but we haven't
done that yet and those ones are pretty
light yeah even dust I
guess I lldd lonus is the Rog Ally still
your main portable gaming console
current games on it checked out R Ally
when um it's my main in the sense that
it's still the one that sits on my
nightstand but I haven't really been
using it much lately
so what did I fire up the other day it
was this weird game where you're like on
a boat and you like manage stuff and you
like fight stuff or something I don't
know but I I got a bunch of stuff in the
steam stale that I've been meaning to to
pick up but I just haven't had time like
I haven't even had time to paint my bike
how can I justify playing video
games hi W.D what is the most D oh hold
on and just to clear something up um
yeah I think it is called Dred I was say
a ton of people just said dredge yeah uh
just to clear things up um it's not
because necessarily the Ally is the best
like if I was picking the thing that I
like the most uh steam deck OLED is is
sick or if I wanted more performance I
like thex right now there's also might
be some new stuff coming soon uh but it
just the Ally like has my stuff on it
and so I haven't bothered changing it
okay mhm what is the most dangerous
moment you've had showing off a piece of
tech like a hoverboard that shot out
from under you or something going
haywire oh I mean I probably don't even
remember them at this point like there's
definitely been some dangerous stuff
I've never had something just
like almost you know hit me in the head
or something like that I had a Dremel
saw blade get stuck in the face mask
that I was using or strike it or
something it broke and it did something
with the face mask it was so long ago I
don't remember the exact details I think
I probably could have killed myself
working on this though oh my God self
balancing unicycle V3 get a little
balance in your life I used to try to
put like a fun tagline after the title
you
know I felt a lot less stable than I
look here and I don't look that stable
on it and like you can tell I'm I'm
moving nine years I don't remember this
at all that's cuz you didn't work on it
I did yeah but
still I this was when I would do a lot
of the um like basically this video was
entirely me other than somebody like
setting up a camera like I wrote it uh
this is oh my goodness that's baby my
boy wow I know right that's kind of
weird now yep so that was yvon filming
that for me so I I basically did most of
the like b-roll and stuff for this and
then we just had uh we set up a
quick uh shot in the kitchen I scripted
the video um but yeah so I I learned how
to use this and you know it's not the
hardest thing in the world but there's a
little bit of distracted operation going
on when you're trying to film yourself
using something that you're not not
necessarily a total expert
at
yeah I don't know I really liked the
whole like e vehical thing but it just
doesn't get start it just doesn't get
views um can't really justify the time
spent on it and I understand why like
they're they're Niche they're inherently
Niche there's all these like different
types there's skateboards and scooters
and bikes and unicycles and when I was
in France a very surprising amount of
people in Paris used the
a variety of different e vehicle things
usually scooters and I don't just mean
the like rental ones they had their own
remember when you could just like fly
drones wherever you want yeah that was
pretty cool that was pretty cool
remember when we sucked at operating
drones any
yeah that was pretty cool too is the
backpack rain cover motorcycle wind
speed
approved motorcycle winds okay got
it uh I'm going to say no
to say
no
yeah it has a little I know but I'm just
but we're not I'm just going to say no
yeah good way to go I saw somebody
mounted a metal box with MCM on the back
of their bike and like all the comments
were like don't do
that oh my God what oh I didn't I I
thought that they had a metal box that
they attached to MCM to no that's very
dangerous if you attach it with the
MCM yeah yeah not yeah it it like it
looked cool and then you think about the
ramifications of it like being on a road
and bumps and wind and stuff and it was
like oh boy magnetic Cable Management
not Mighty Car Mods by the way ah yes
okay less and Luke how do you fair
making friends at work while being in a
position of quote unquote
power it's gotten harder yeah like it's
uh some people I find that it comes down
to a lot of the same things as anyone
else like the amount of time you spend
working in proximity um the kind of
enjoying successes together experiencing
failures together you know a lot of the
things that people just sort of bond
over in general but I find that um for
me like I can kind of be friendly with
anyone but I only I like anybody I only
have room in my my social battery you
know for a handful of of closer
relationships for you know and um and
that that room is you know somewhere
between zero and and you know our total
number of people on our team just like
100 plus and it's probably closer to
zero than it is to a 100
so you know a lot of it is a lot of it
is just that proximity and a lot of it
is people's willingness to to like be a
friend with me because I can't I can't
dictate that like I'm me I'm just I'm
just kind of me and um I'm kind of a lot
sometimes as you guys could can probably
imagine that's he's a handful yeah
that's regardless of being in a position
of power or not a position of power and
um and for some people um you know
that's an impediment for for other
people just my position in the company
is uh is is a problem for some people
just um you know me being a
1er you know right could be a problem
well no I'm serious I know it's just
funny hearing you say well I try to be a
realist right um and and some people
like I I've experienced um I'm not going
to name any names obviously but there's
people who work here now that you know
obviously treat me extremely differently
that you know I don't think I would be
able to be friends with just because of
the amount of like kissing that takes
place like I I I personally don't like
that I don't like to be treated that way
but for some people it just it's just
something that they you know that they
do naturally or that they feel is
important for you know advancement in
work or like whatever perception they
might have like everybody is so
different and um you know so there's
people that that you know I wouldn't be
able to be close to because they don't
treat me like a friend there's people
that wouldn't be able to be close to me
because they just couldn't see me as a
friend and then there's people that just
don't give a and uh you know we'll
hang out and and bro out and kind of
talk about anything and and and just
like be a normal human being with me and
I I very much like hanging with those
folks and uh and that's great and I
don't have any I wouldn't say I have
more difficulty with that today than I
ever did but I will say that the
percentage of people who are able to
just treat me like a normal human these
days is lower as a function of how many
people work here what about you because
it used to be you used to very much just
be like an employee a rank and Filer and
now you like run like three departments
and and I think can be a little bit
intimidating and you're naturally more
intimidating than me you're just like
bigger and have a deeper voice and
taller and stuff I get that I I
literally get that as feedback is that
I'm unapproachable usually people on my
own teams don't give me that feedback
yeah um but I I get that feedback
externally sometimes not as much as I
used to but still still sometimes um I
don't know I've I've questioned I I
don't think I've talked to you or anyone
else about this to be completely honest
but I've
questioned uh like is this a problem
with
me because I find that to be an issue
but then you and I became friends
when I was Employee to you boss and now
it's like I don't know but then some of
it's like the company's also just sort
of changed yeah things are different now
um we're we're a real company now kind
of yeah and that does create barriers
yeah um to be honest because like when
you when you work closely with every at
the company you kind of know where
people's boundaries are and stuff
whereas like if I act like myself in a
group setting now I could easily say
something that is offensive to somebody
like maybe we have very different
positions on say for example religion or
politics or whatever else when you have
six people you could say something like
you know F some politician and know with
a pretty high degree of confidence
that kind of on the same page whereas
when you have 100 people I guarantee you
there is no single issue that every
single one of them could agree on
there's also politicking and there's
people that like
might you don't necessarily know them
well enough and it might make sense for
them to hold a certain position publicly
but they don't actually feel that way
internally and if you really knew that
person you might kind of know but now
you might only know them on a certain
level that you're unsure about and yada
y yada and uh I don't know
yeah willing spy says lies I bet they
all like
Tech actually not NE no actually I like
definitely no I hate it with a burning
passion well not even just that's not
what we're talking about I know I know
what you mean there there are people
that work here that like genuinely have
no
interest at all yeah they got hired to
do the job that they do they like the
job that they do they do that job well
or maybe they don't even like the job
that they do but they're good at it but
they do it well good to be honest that's
it's technically all it's needed um I
mean we're like any other company like
think about your company think about
where you work is everyone passionate
about refrigerators or like whatever
whatever the crap it is that your
company not necessarily yeah you know
and we like to have passionate people
that's something that we care about and
that's something that we try to Foster
but it's not reality
right more
yeah sure moving on uh would I see much
of a performance hit on a GPU for
example the RTX 50 Series PCI Gen 5 on a
PCI Gen 4 motherboard at 4K resolution
probably not but we won't know for sure
until we have a PCI Gen 5 graphics card
to put in a slot and I assume that your
question is based on both the slot and
the card being by
16 that can change once we're we're
looking at cards that are by eight or
even by four because if you put those in
an older gen you can run into some
performance um differences yeah this is
all something we've we've already talked
about diving into um
yeah cool and last one I've got for you
today hello DL L I run unraid so I can
upgrade one drive at a time just heard
about raid Z vev expansion can you talk
about this does this give true nass the
same upgrade ability
all I can say about that for now is that
there's a lot of exciting things
probably maybe that have been thought of
for
ZFS um some of which are kind of being
actively worked on some of which are not
being actively worked on many of which
are good cool ideas and um I'm very
excited to see what the future
holds that's all I got okay and I'm very
excited to um talk about the future W
show you might watch because you sure as
heck won't be watching any more of this
one see you next time same bad time same
bad Channel
[Music]
bye oh
so just got rated 6.9 out of
nice ah I'm so excited for our cables I
have very little support